After salaam, pray this doa:
Praise to Allah, giver of complete gifts. By your direction, tawfeeq, Allah, we obtain the good of this world and the next.
Allah, shower salawaat blessings on Muhammad and his descendants, and let us be prompted by your good direction, tawfeeq, that drives us toward guidance and rightfulness, toward a good beginning and return; that increases our desire for the hereafter, and for the meeting with you; that leads us to your being pleased with us.
Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, to obey those whom you have placed in command, follow the traces of the divinely learned, and seek the light of guidance from the pure guides. Grant us direction, tawfeeq, to give thanks for their favors, and follow their path.

Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, to adorn ourselves with the beauty of the Shariat, wear the robe of intelligence, and the cloak of God-conscious piety, taqwā.
Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, to seek your happiness, and walk the path that will lead us to your paradise. Let your beautiful direction, tawfeeq, help us to perform deeds that garner your reward, and guard us from deeds that earn your punishment.
Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, to good words and deeds, to be virtuous in whatever we say and do, and shrink from preaching what we do not practice. Guard us from deviation in our religious and our worldly matters, and from walking the path of ignorance.
Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, to suckle the milk of knowledge and comprehension.
Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, to secure noble character, excellent virtues, and the way of life of the pious. Direct us to emulate your blessed Awliya. Direct us to be kind to people. Direct us to give thanks in times of ease and be patient in times of hardship.
Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, to shun falsehood and choose truth, sidq. Direct us to disdain worldly desires and follow truth, haqq. Show us truth to be truth and have us follow it. Show us falsehood to be falsehood and have us shun it.
Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, in this holy month to fast in the day and pray in the night. Direct us to perform abundantly those deeds which you find pleasing, pious deeds, good deeds, beautiful deeds. Direct us to nurture relatives, meet our brothers and sisters, and cooperate in piety and godfearingness, never in sinning or enmity. 
Allah, grant us direction, tawfeeq, and all those who seek the hereafter with true intent and sincere purpose, to answer the caller who calls to true belief, to fulfil our pledge, so that we win the greatest victory and enter paradise.
We beseech this in the name of Muhammad, his pure descendants, and their Duaat mutlaqeen. Allah’s salawaat blessings upon them all. We ask this by your mercy, O most merciful one.