







Allah speaks truth, and there is no god but Him. His Book speaks truth. His star shines in the firmament of miracles.
His messenger, Mohammed Mustafa, speaks truth, he is the city of God's knowledge, whose gate is Ali.
Praise to Allah, peerless; mighty His protection, powerful His shelter.
I offer Him praise-my return is to Him, and my accounting is in His Hands.
I ask him for aid-I have no other support; I drown in the raging sea of calamities,
and am lost in the valley of confusion, with both cavalry and infantry going hither and thither.
I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, whose reality is veiled to us by our incapacity.
I bear witness that Mohammed is Allah's servant, His messenger, whose garments, connections and lineage are pure from the contamination of doubt and polytheism.
May Allah shower salawat on Mohammed; and on his brother, his wasi, Ali ibn Abi Talib, prayer-niche, mihraab, of truth and its direction, qibla;
and on Ali's sloe-eyed consort, the pure virgin, Maulatuna Fatema Zahra, mother of the noble Imams, the people given God's command and its lords;
and upon her two sons, the celestial Imams, Mawlana Hasan and Mawlana Husain, each the quintessence of nobility;
and on the Imams from the progeny of Mawlana Husain, rightful upholders of justice;
and on our mawla and our chief, our master and master of all our affairs, the Imam, son of the Imam, al-Tayyib Abu l-Qasim Amir ul Mumineen,
who is present through the presence of his Dais, who are his proofs, hujjat and gates, bab.
Allah, let us benefit from the great Quran, from both its manifest and hidden truths, and give us a bounteous share of its auspicious blessings.
Place us among those who seek the Quran's protection, and have faith in the Quran, such that it conveys them to its place of safety.
Place us among those who take its manifest verses as their body's robes, such that they are clothed by it follow its directives;
and who take its hidden meanings as their soul's garments, such that they seek its protection, and reach in the evening, peacefully, the high balconies of Paradise.
Allah, make us part of the pure speech, kalim tayyib, that ascends to you; which is raised by the virtuous deed, amal salih, and attains bliss in your presence.
Allah, make us profit from the Great Quran.
Guide us with [its] verses and the Wise Remembrance. Accept from us our recitation and prayer, O Lord, O Mawla. You, and only You, are All-Hearing, All-knowing.
Do not hurl them back at our faces, O Creator of all the worlds, O Best of Helpers.
Allah, this is the Dai of your Prophet's progeny, who endeavored in Your path,
and spent his life seeking to please You and Your wali Imamuz zaman.
He gave his life for the Imam of his Age, Tayyeb, and established the Imam's Dawat for two years and three months.
Truly, by God one day of his life equaled another's lifetime, while his lifetime equaled an eon.
His ayat was "Indeed, after hardship comes; indeed, after hardship comes ease" (Quran Sharh 94:5-6).
He laid the foundation for the ages and eons to come, and his eternal barakaat will continue to fill Dawat Hadiyah through the centuries.
His routine was prayer for mumineen, morning and evening.
Maulana Taher Saifuddin declared about him, "Khuzaima's doa is answered. mustajaab."
Throughout his auspicious life, he offered thanks to his Lord for His continuous blessings, with many prostrations.
He endured with fortitude the calamities of this ephemeral world and the oppression of the deniers.
He established the proof of his Nass among the people, and the evidence of Truth in all the lands.
He challenged and fought his enemies, people of oppression and malice.
He was a kind father to mumineen, always looking at his children in faith with love and compassion.
He was a refuge for seekers of refuge, succor for seekers of succor, and a sanctuary for seekers of sanctuary.
He was a pillar for the matchless learned who proclaimed God's unity, tawheed, and an exemplar for divinely aided wise men, sources of divine aid.
You called him up from the abode of hardship and suffering, to an abode in which adversity and pain can no longer touch him.
Allah, exalt his great rank in the highest echelons of Jannat.
Resurrect us with him, in the assembly of those who stand in a row chanting the name of the Lord.
Grace us continually in each and every moment with the flow of his barakaat.
Recompense him for us, Allah, for the true faith, and for the pure family of your Prophet, with the best reward.
Join him with the complete form, which is the gathering of all the parts.
By his great sanctity, Allah, relieve our suffering.
By his intercession, which you accept, multiply our blessings.
By his great station, grant the wishes of men and women of belief.
By his noble position, bring to fruition the hopes of men and women of conviction.
Allah, confer upon us by his great sanctity, mighty aid, nasre azeez, and clear victory, fathe mubeen.
<Aid from allah and victory is near; so give glad tidings to the believers> (Quran Saff 61:13)
Allah, bequeath us the gift of his ziyarat, this year and every year.
Single him out for your most special blessings and greetings, salawaat and salaam.
Allah, place him among fruit-laden lote-trees, flower-clad acacias, extended shade,
gushing waters, abounding fruit, never-failing and never out of reach, and couches raised high (Quran Waqi'ah 56:28-34).
Allah, make us beautiful with belief, honor us with the Quran, and grace us through the Prophet Mohammed and his progeny-blessings upon them of the High, Faithful King.
Allah, grant us the life of the learned, the subsistence of the blissful, and the death of the martyrs.
Give us entry into Paradise with the prophets, and resurrect us on the Last Day in the assembly of the pious Imams.
Allah, forgive our living and our dead, our present and our absent, our young and our old, our men and our women, our free and our enslaved.
Heal our sick, grant mercy to our dead.
Allah, do not empower over us one who will not have mercy on us or forgive our sins.
Pardon us before our death, have mercy on us at the time of our death, and lighten for us, and for all mumineen and muminaat, the paroxysms of death.
Creator of life and death. O hearer of every voice.
My God, my Chief, my Mawla-bless us with Your blessings, cover us with Your forgiveness, encompass us with Your bounty and Your gifts, O Most Generous Giver.
Have mercy on each one of us, O Most Merciful One.
Al Fatiha