Come, come to the Imam, embodiment of auspicious blessings,=embodiment of Eid, whose custom is beneficence, goodness, and generosity!
Come to the descendant of Taha Mustafa,=whose love bequeaths eternal life in the eternal realm!
Come to the repast (Ma’edat, full thaal) sent from the heavens of his glory,=full of divine knowledge and heavenly inspiration!
The Tayyib of this Age is our Imam, without any doubt!=Whose sweet and blessed pool is ever sought.
He is the sanctuary and support for the seeker of refuge.=He is the cool shade extended upon the people of faith.
His high station has no peer—to recognize his oneness=is to recognize Allah’s tawheed.
What excuse can his denier offer when his face is a guiding light=to which all must bow in prostration, sajda?
His forehead is the rising place of radiant lights,=whose brilliance outshines even the sky’s full moon.
His virtues prompt our tongues to utter praise.=His remembrance is Allah’s own remembrance and worship.
His praise earns the poet heavenly reward.=Indeed, it is Allah’s own adoration and praise.
So many are his gifts, I can never offer sufficient thanks!=I have received more gifts than it is possible to count.
O mercy of the All Merciful One! O Demarcator of right and wrong, Furqaan! Your praise, your remembrance is transcribed in the Holy Qur’an.
O descendant of Ali Murtaza! I am awed=and amazed at how you slay enemies without even unsheathing your sword!
O Kaaba! If prudent fear, taqiyyat, was not our way in religion,=I would have stated with full certainty that you are the one we worship!
Your enemy is shameful, while you are truly worthy of praise.=Your name is celebrated and your virtue a thing of legend.
I offer you felicitations on the day of Eid, the day of blessed sanctity.=My tongue sings the praise of your virtues, that is its daily occupation.
I offer you praise, O Maula, for you are my master,=and in everything I do, I seek only to please you.
Your love is my treasure, for I know that=whoever loves you is blissful in this world and the next.
O son of Fatema, grant me your triumphant aid!=It will surely pave the way to victory.
O Maula, sustain me at all times with your flowing inspiration! It will ensure that your servant—in every matter—takes the right course.	
May Allah shower salawaat blessings upon you, hour after hour.=Each day you are with us is Eid!