Allah, O you who dispels the burning grief of hearts, O you who heals the painful strikes of calamities, O you who suffices us the hardships that alight at our door!
Great is the trial, many the complaints, and lengthy the supplication!
The night of suffering is unending, its morning does not appear. The age is angry and malevolent, offering no end to hostilities.
The people of enmity have unleashed an earthquake that has shaken the pillars of your faith. They have severed the links of the continuous chain of truth.
They continue without stopping to rain destruction on its people. They have caused the united family of Dawat to break up and scatter. They have changed and altered Dawat’s practices and rites.
Shower salawaat blessings on Mohammad and his pure descendants O Lord of all the worlds! We beseech forgiveness, forgiveness, and aid, aid, O best of all who aid!
We beseech help, help, O most merciful one! We turn our hopes to you. We seek your generous compassion.
Allah, ease our hardships by your mercy. Join our broken bones by your kindness.
«Their words were these: They said: Our Lord, forgive us our sins, and our excesses in our affairs. Keep our feet firm [on the Straight Path] and grant us victory over the disbelievers» (Quran, Aale Imran, 147).
Allah, unite the dispersed congregation of Mumineen who have been deceived and scattered by those tyrannical hands, in whose homes a calamity has been made to alight by the cruel usurpers.
Free them from the fetters of fear, confusion, and error. Change their inauspicious state to an auspicious one.
Open the eyes and minds of those who were once our brothers in faith, so that they may see the clear light of truth.
Let them perceive falsehood to be falsehood, so that they may shun it, and truth to be truth, so that they may follow it.
Unite their congregation in piety, taqwa. Join together their affairs in your obedience, and the obedience of your Imam and Dai.
We ask this in the name of Mohammad and his pure descendants and his Duaat Mutlaqeen. Shower your salawaat blessings upon them always and forever.
For any who have a spark of walayat remaining in them=Revive them, strengthen their belief
Allah, grant tawfeeq to those who were once mumin=Dispel their darkness