Praise to Allah who has honoured us with this day, and included us among those who believe, possess conviction, and fulfil their oath and covenant,
the oath of allegiance for those He has placed in command, those who implement His justice. He did not place us among those who break the oath, oppose the truth, and deny the Day of Judgement.
Lord! We have heard a caller calling us to faith, saying, “Believe in your Lord!” and we believe.
Lord! Forgive us our sins, ease the burden of our wrongdoings, and when we die, let us be among good people.
Lord! Grant us the blessings You have promised Your messengers, and do not abandon us on the Day of Judgment. You never break Your promise.
Allah! We make You our witness, and You suffice as witness! We make the angels who are close to You, Your Prophets, the bearers of Your throne, those who live in Your skies and upon Your earth, and the good people amongst all Your servants,
witness to our testimony that You are Allah, there is no god but You. You are the One who is worshipped. Any other who is worshipped—between Your throne and the depths of the earth—is false. Your face is mighty. There is no God—O You who are worshipped—but You. You are lofty, every so lofty, beyond the oppressors’ claims.
We testify that Muhammad—the best salawaat and purest greetings be upon him and his descendants—is Your servant and messenger.
We testify that Ali, commander of the faithful, is our Mawla.
Lord, we have heard the call and answered it. We have believed the caller, Your messenger—the most fragrant greetings be upon him and his family—when he called on Your behalf, when You ordered him to convey the message You gave to him regarding allegiance to the person you placed in command.
You warned him that if he did not convey your message, You would be displeased with him. He would not have conveyed any of Your messages. You gave him protection from the people.
So he conveyed Your revelation and proclaimed, “Hearken! The person who takes me to be their mawla, from henceforth, Ali is their mawla. The person who takes me as their wali, from henceforth Ali is their wali and commander.”
“Allah! Love the person who loves him, abhor the person who abhors him, aid the person who aids him, thwart the person who thwarts him, and keep Haqq (righteousness) with Ali wherever he may turn.
Lord! We have believed and answered Your dai, the warner, Muhammad, Your servant and messenger, who revealed to us the glory of Your servant, whom You have blessed and made an example to the Children of Israel, Ali, commander of the faithful, mawla and wali of mumineen, until the Day of Judgement. May You shower salawaat upon him and his descendants.
For You have said, and Your words are true: He is naught but a servant whom we have blessed and made an example to the Children of Israel.
Lord! We have answered our mawla and wali, our guide and our dai who is the dai of all people, Your straight path, Your shining road, Your clear way, the dai who calls us to You. He and his followers see the truth. Allah is absolved of their assigning of partners to him in allegiance, or their clinging to associates other than him.
We testify that Ali is the Imam, the guide, the one who shows the way, commander of the faithful, whom You have mentioned in Your book: You—who have no partners—have said, “In the Mother of the Book, nigh unto Us, he is lofty (Ali) and wise.
Allah! We testify that he is Your servant, Imam and guide after Your prophet the warner. He is Your straight road, the Imam of the pious,  lamp for those with conviction, the Mawla of the faithful, the leader of the radiant, Your strong proof, Your tongue who speaks to the people on Your behalf.
He is the one who, after Your prophet, upholds the truth. He is the protector of Your religion, the treasurer of your revelation, the chamber for Your secrets, the container for Your knowledge, trustworthy and entrusted. All of Your creation has had to pledge allegiance to him and to Your Prophet—Your salawaat upon both of them and their descendants.
We testify sincerely that You are One, that there is no god but You, that Muhammad is Your servant and messenger, and Ali, commander of the faithful, is his wasi and successor.
We also testify that the acceptance of his allegiance (walayat) forms the validation of our mandatory testimony of Your oneness (tawheed), and the manifestation of sincerity in proclaiming Your oneness, in completion of Your religion, and the perfection of Your blessing on all Your people. For You have said—and Your words are true—“Today I have perfected your religion for you, completed My blessing upon you, and am pleased to make Islam your religion.”
Allah! We praise You for Your guidance. We praise You for the blessing of sincere faith in Your oneness, for guiding us to love and obey Your wali, the true guide after Your Prophet.
For being pleased to give us Islam as our religion by our allegiance to your select one, for Your perfect blessing upon us by renewing our oath and covenant, for reminding us of it.
We offer You praise, for You have chosen us for this blessing, among those who are sincere and loyal. You have placed us apart from those who break the oath, oppose the truth, deny the day of judgment, who change their beliefs, and change the truth,
Who mutilate the ears of grazing animals and alter the design of Allah’s creation, who are taken over by Satan, made to forget Allah’s remembrance, and stopped them from walking the straight path.
Allah, curse the people who oppose truth, breath the oath, lie, seek to alter the truth, and deny the day of judgment—those who have gone before or are yet to come.
Allah! All praise is for You, for You have blessed us with guidance, with the love of the pure Imams, the true guides, Your chosen ones, people You have vested with authority after Your Prophet,
Cornerstones of your religion, signposts of Your oneness, symbols of true guidance, and minarets of God-consciousness, after Your Prophet the warner. They are the strong handle that connects us to You, the shining path. It is through their love and allegiance that Your religion is perfected and Your blessing complete. They are the ones by whose love and allegiance You have been pleased to give us the religion of Islam. Lord, all praise is for You.
Lord, we believe in You, and we believe—because of the blessing of guidance You have bestowed upon us—Muhammad, messenger, warner, giver of clear tidings, and his blessed descendants, the pure Imams.
Allah! You fulfil all promises and do not ever break them. Each day You possess a new rank. One concern does not occupy You over another. You blessed us with allegiance to Your chosen ones, a blessing for which all Your servants will be held accountable.
You have said, and Your words are true: “You will be held accountable on the day of judgment for The Blessing.” You have said–Glory to You–“Make them stand [for judgement]. They will be questioned.”
You blessed us with sincere testimony for You, and allegiance for Your chosen ones, true guides after Your Prophet, warner and giver of glad tidings, shining sun.
You perfected religion for us through their allegiance, and dissociation from their enemies.
You perfected Your blessing upon us by making us renew our oath, by helping us remember Your covenant that we pledged to when You first created us, and by it placing us amongst those who answer Your call.
You have said, and Your words are right and true, “When Your Lord took from the loins of Adam’s children their progeny, and had them testify over themselves: Am I not your Lord? They said yes indeed, you are.” Allah! All praise is for you, praise that fills Your skies and Your earth.
Allah! We testify–by grace of the favours You bestow upon us–that You are Allah, there is no god but You, You are truly our God. Muhammad, Your servant and messenger and entrusted one is truly our Prophet. Ali, commander of the faithful, Imam of the pious, is truly our mawla and wali
We testify that the those whom You have charged with Your command from the descendants of Your Prophet, are also the descendants of our wali and mawla [Ali], Your servant whom You have blessed, with whose leadership You have blessed us.
You have made him a symbol for the Children of Israel, named him as lofty (Ali) and wise in the Mother of the Book. You have made him a miracle for Your Prophet, Your own great miracle, the Great Prophecy about which people are in disagreement and from which they turn away although they are to be held accountable for it on the day of judgment.
Allah! Just as You have blessed us–by Your grace–by helping us know the Imams, bless us further by praying salawaat on Muhammad and his descendants.
Bless us this day, the day in which You have helped us remember Your covenant and pledge, the day in which You have perfected our religion, and perfected Your blessing upon us.
You have guided us by Your grace, and placed us by Your kindness amongst the people who have answered You, sincerely believing in Your oneness.
You have placed us among the people of faith, who believe in the truthfulness of Your chosen ones, who dissociate from Your enemies and the enemies of Your chosen ones who oppose and deny the day of judgment.
Allah! We ask You by the sanctity of Your chosen ones. Safeguard the blessings You have showered upon us, do not ever take them away. Grant us the opportunity to serve Your religion with a wali, a guide from the family of your Prophet, leader, chieftain, rightly guided Mahdi.
Keep us with him and under his banner, true witnesses, ready to sacrifice our lives in Your path, prepared to serve the son of Your Prophet.
Lord! Do not let us go astray after You having guided us. Bless us with Your mercy, for You are the Great Bestower. Lord! Help us be patient, and have us die as Muslims.
Lord! Help us be patient, keep our feet steady, and help us against the unbelievers. Lord! We have faith in what You have revealed and follow Your messenger. Write our names amongst those who so testify.
Lord! Do not punish us when we forget or sin. Lord! Do not burden us with as You did those before us. Do not ask us to carry a burden that is beyond our capacity. Forgive us and have mercy on us. You are our Mawla! Give us victory over the unbelievers.
Lord! We have heard the caller to faith, who tells us: “Believe and have faith in your Lord,” and we believe. Lord, forgive us our trespasses, erase our sins, and keep us amongst good people when we die.
Lord! Give us what You have promised us. Do not dishearten us on the day of judgment. You never break a promise.
Allah! Pray salawaat and salaam on our leader Muhammad and his descendants and bless them.