I call to you in munajaat, my lord, in Laylatul Qadr, beseeching victory and aid (fath and nasr) for the Dawat of Ahlul Bayt.
I call to you in munajaat, lord of majesty, fasting in this month, bowing down to you and prostrating.
I call to you in munajaat, my lord, in all humility, humbling myself in awe of you. I am your servant who worships you in gratitude for your favors.
I call to you in munajaat, my lord, seeking your protection and shelter. I am a helpless servant who has taken refuge with you.
I stand at your door, a needy mendicant. I stand at your door, distressed, O alleviator of distress.
I stand at your door, careworn and fearful. My tears flow in repentance as a river.
I stand at your door, a penitent resolved to abjure sin. Humble and destitute, a transgressor who has erred.
I have come to you, lord of the worlds, weak, sad, asking forgiveness.
I have come to you, lord, penniless, servile, hanging my head in shame from my iniquities.
Allah, my Allah, forgive my sins, be merciful. My sin is great, heavy, back-breaking.
Lord, if you forgive, your benefaction will save me. For I am to be questioned, and what vindication can I offer?
I beseech the intercession, vasila, of the five you praised in a verse of the Wise Remembrance (Qur’an) as People of the Robe of Purity.
Hasan, Husain and Fatema, with Murtaza and chief of the prophets Mohammad.
I take their vasila, and the vasila of Mohammad’s descendants, his family, suns of guidance, moons of truth, people whom Allah has placed in command.
In the pearl-string of the mother of the Fatimid Imams, Tayyib Abu l-Qasim, master of the world, is the most luminous pearl.
I take his vasila, and the vasila of the master of all people, Tayyib of our age, whose nobility, like his radiant forebears, is exalted.
They are Allah’s select, cream of creation, Imams of Allah’s religion. My love for them is my treasure.
They are Allah’s saints (awliya-ullah), his chosen. Allah’s inspiration (ta’eed) flows to them.
They are my intercessors, my shelter, my refuge. Through them I hope to win paradise, else, what am I worth?
I ask this in their name, and the name of their vicegerents (na’ib) whose radiance lights up the Night of Concealment like the full moon.
Dais of Mustafa’s descendants. Because of them, the radiant Dawat has a smile on her lips.
I take the vasila of the sun among them Syedna Taher Saifuddin, and Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, and his appointed successor (mansoos) Syedna Khuzaima Qutbuddin. Their radiance blazes bright.
Among all Dais, our father Syedna Qutbuddin has a noble stature loftier than the intellect can grasp.
I remember him constantly and thank him always, with all my heart, for his abundant, overflowing favors.
I am the servant of Aale Mohammed. The service of my master the Imam is my pride (fakhr).
My support at all times is his flowing inspiration (fayz). Lord, fill my breast with serenity so that I may direct his Dawat.
Lengthen my life, in your bounty, O lord of the throne, so that I may offer my life and my wealth for the Imam, that I may be fida on him.
I perform jihad in your path, my lord, with sincere truth. My weapon is the sword of righteousness (haqq) and my shield the fortress of fortitude (sabr).
Allah, protect the true Dawat and bring together in your Misr all who love the Fatimid Imams and Dais.
Decree in our lifetime the manifestation (zuhoor) of the Imam, exalter of Allah’s Dawat (mo’iz), master of guidance, leader of the world, Tayyib of the age.
Imam-uz-zamaan’s light and splendor will dispel this darkness, and rancorous, polytheists, and unbelievers will perish.
Allah, grant me happiness, qurratul ayn, in my noble children. Grant them happy lives in my stately home.
Grant the wishes of all mumineen. You know what is in their hearts.
Increase their standing and their splendor. Grant them direction (tawfeeq) to be virtuous and do good.
Shower them with the enriching blessing of true knowledge (ilm), removing dependency on treasures of property and gold.
Include them in my supplication, Allah, and in all pious supplications I bring forth through the age.
Multiply our livelihood and grant barakat in our farming, Allah. Protect us from destitution, debt, and penury.
Protect us from hardships, O dispeller of calamities. Change our difficulties by your grace into ease.
Place us with our noble Imams, Allah, in the shade of the lord of the throne, in the station of the resurrection.
Seize swiftly the enemies of your religion. Stone their Satan, the head in the body of treachery and deceit.
Abase and chasten them. Thrust the noses of the rancorous haters and deceivers into the ground.
Protect us, lord of all people, from their attacks, from the evil of the “whisperer,” and the evil of the evil-mongers.
Tonight is the auspicious night of Laylatul Qadr. Its blessings more in value than a thousand nights.
A symbol denoting Fatema Zahra, whose virtues gleam like the shining (zuhr) stars.
In her name, Allah, I ask you to grant us the glad tidings of aid, victory, and the arrival of dawn.
Our final supplication is this: Praise to Allah, lord of the world, creator of land and sea.
Allah, bless Taha Nabi and his pure descendants with salawaat, salaam, and barakaat.