Allah, even the most intelligent hearts have a seal placed on them such that they cannot truly comprehend you. Even the most fluent tongues are hobbled such that they cannot express your greatness. If a man attempts to fly up to your reality, the wings of his heart and his tongue betray him.
Pilgrims stand up to supplicate you in this hour at Arafah. They have congregated to your door from every deep valley, speaking different languages, having different forms and ways. Covered in dust and earth as though resurrected on judgment day.
Wrapped in white sheets as though wearing the shrouds of the people of the grave. They pray to you, O lord of the worlds, in fear and in hope, for their worldly desires and their religious aspirations. They beseech your mercy, O most merciful one.
Allah, we too are your servants. Even though our bodies are absent from that holy place, yet we are present there by our souls and our faith.
Allah, shower salawaat on Mohammad and his descendants, and look at us with the same merciful eyes with which you look at your select ones from among those present in that holy place. Grant us a large share of the pious supplications they offer to you.
Allah, in our earthly lives, clothe us in the garments of well-being, and in death in the robes of piety. Of sustenance, grant us good deeds whose benefit will remain.
Allah, place us among those whom you have released from the stranglehold of grief and calamities. Record our names in the register of those you have caused to love belief, in whose hearts you have made it beautiful.
Have us draw near to the people of discernment who remember God standing and sitting and lying on their sides.
Allah, make the occupations of this world the least of our occupations. Make knowledge of the hereafter the whole of our yearnings. Endow us in our affairs with consciousness of what is right through the good deeds that we perform.
Allah, have mercy on the destitution of one who is dependent for nourishment on a stalk of vegetation put forth by the earth. Have mercy on the captivity of one who is imprisoned by the hand of calamities brought by the days and nights. Have mercy on the feebleness of one who,facing the sovereignty of death, is truly weak and powerless.
Allah, if this is my lowly condition—when a mosquito can hurt me and a gulp can choke and kill me—it is all the more fitting that you look at me with compassion and mercy.
Let not the paths of your mercy narrow to exclude me. Let not the bounties of your benevolence pass me by. Let not the pools of your wisdom become muddied as I drink.
Allah, house us in your shade in a home free from troubles, exempt from suffering. Grant us your gift of life, knotted into the rope of eternity, which the sharp blades of catastrophes cannot sever.
Allah, cover us in robes of your safety as long as you give us life. Protect us in the fortress of your security as long as you have us remain on earth.
Allah, you know that we have left our homeland to perform jihad in your path, to seek your pleasure. You know that we have borne great hardships and tribulations in our hearts and our bodies. We fight oppressors who have unsheathed the sword of treachery and unfurled the banners of error.
They have committed great crimes. They have rent the sanctity of Islam. The lands of the Muslims are burning up with their killings and incarcerations. Our women are attacked by their immoralities and indecencies.
Allah, shower salawaat on Mohammad and his descendants, and let your mighty aid give our hands strength over oppressors. Let your potency and power help us to strike at their potency and power.
Fortify the pillars of the righteous rule of the Prophet’s descendants by crushing the oppressors’ unrighteousness. Shatter the sinews of those who take errormongers as their sinews.
Allah, belief has come forth to face unbelief, and unbelief has come forth to challenge belief. Lord, strike down Satan’s banner. Let him run on his heels when the two armies meet. Protect, O Allah, your sacred sanctuary.
From the might of the damned elephant. Destroy it and destroy its army, brethren of devils and satans. Let their bodies receive the blows of death. Let their blood be tasted by thirsty swords.
Have mercy on our hearts, burning from their oppression, on our eyes, streaming from their harm, on the blood of Muslims coating their swords, on spirits snatched out of bodies, on women whose veils have been torn, who are now in their power and control.
Allah, all faces are covered in dust prostrating for your greatness. We place our trust in you. Our faces are covered in dust prostrating in front of you. Have mercy on our wretched state and answer our prayer—that you grant strength to Islam.
Grant us your powerful aid such that we obtain the desires held by the people of discernment and conviction, who have faith that your promise is true. For you have said: In truth, we shall aid the believers
All praise and thanks belongs to Allah. May he bestow salawaat on our master Mohammad and his descendants, the best community. May he bless them all.