I bear witness that there is no God but Allah, He is the only God, who has not have a partner. I bear witness that Muhammad is His servant and messenger
All praise is for for Allah, our hope when our actions make us despair. All praise is for Allah, who does not forget those who remember Him. Who does not disappoint those who put their hopes in Him. Who provides sufficiency for those who place their trust in Him
All praise is for Allah, who feeds us but does not need any food Himself. Who provides sustenance but needs no sustenance Himself. Who brings death to the living and gives life to the dead. Who is Powerful over all things
Allah, help me, do not help [my enemy] against me. ‘Plot’ for me, not against me. Ease my path to guidance. Place me among those who depend on you in all matters
You are the treasure of those who have no other. You are the support of one who has no other. You are the hope of one who has no other. All blessings are from you. Your forgiveness is vast. Your widespread hands bestow mercy. You hear all that is said in private. All complaints are addressed to You
You are the One for whom the dark night prostrates. And the light of day. And the rays of the sun. And the murmur of water. And the whisper of trees
Allah, I bear witness to your [oneness] with my utmost knowledge and my utmost understanding, my tongue’s eloquence, and with my eye’s perception, that You are God, there is no God but You, You have no partner
There is no one before You. There is no one after You. No one from among Your creatures may be likened to You. All fall short of Your grandeur. None can claim Your glory
All glory be to You! I chant this litany in praise of Your bounteous face. To sanctify Your names. To submit to Your mighty grandeur
You are holy, Master. You possess holy sanctification. You possess holiness
You are Alone in Your oneness, Oh Lord of all the worlds
Allah, shower salawaat on the chief of the prophets. Imam of all who were sent as messengers, leader of those radiant people who have blazes on their foreheads and white on their feet. Muhammad and his pure descendants. Clothe me in good health
Allah, nothing exists except if you wish it. There is no power or might except yours.
Only that which is decreed by Allah will befall us. He is our Mawla. In Him believers place their trust
Allah will take care of me, there is no God but Him, and in Him I place my trust. He is the Lord of the majestic  throne
Allah, all those whom we sought have denied us their bounty. All whom we had placed our hopes in to have denied us their help. All those whom we sought aid from have disappointed us. As have all whom we turned to in calamity
Doubt has turned to certainty. Suspicion has turned to sure knowledge. Hope has turned to despair
Desperation has brought us to You when our wishes failed to be realized and our means have fallen apar. I am now fully convinced that my efforts will not bear fruit and my striving will not bring me success unless You help me. And one who wants to help me will not be able to unless you allow him
Lord, let your generosity suffice me the need to seek from those who only give away disappointment. Instead of fearing my fellow humans, make me fear You
Allah, do not make me one of those whom ease of living turns insolent and ungrateful. Or one of those whom misfortune shatters. You are powerful over all that you wish. You are all encompassing over all things
Allah, make me strong with Your strength. Help me with Your help. Place me among those who always remain conscious of God. You are the most merciful God