Allah, bestow your barakaat on me in this month of Ramadaan, in which you revealed the Quran.
In this month, strengthen my weakness, increase my efforts, and purify my deeds.
In this month, Allah, help me to worship you with the best aid and strength you have ever given any of your pious servants.
Allah, help me to worship you in Laylatul Qadr, whose virtue is superior to a thousand months. Give me the blessing of prayer in its night, and fasting in its day, with patience, faith, and endurance—and reward me for it with paradise.
In this month, Allah, grant me the best of health, and make my body sound. Grant me vast sustenance, answer my prayer, solve my difficulties, and fulfill my wishes.
In this month, Allah, remove from me all traces of lethargy, indolence, boredom, apathy, harshness, and negligence.
In this month, Allah, protect me from all illness, disease, care, grief, accident, ailment, fever, error, sin,
fatigue, trial, tiredness and exhaustion, except in doing things that you like and that please you. You are the one who answers all prayers.
Allah, I seek refuge in you from the wiles of the accursed Satan, and from his atrocity, wickedness, enmity, calumny, slander, spitting and blowing,
cavalry and foot soldiers, followers and supporters, in this world and the next, in life and in death.
Allah, grant me the blessings of completing [the fast of] the month of Ramadaan, attaining my hopes with regard to your worship in it, and perfecting every deed that pleases you.
Grant me the strength to do this with patience, faith, and endurance. Accept all this from me, O lord of the worlds, and reward me with a great and manifold reward.
Allah, bestow your barakaat on me in this month of Ramadaan, and accept my fasts in it, my prayers in it, and all my past fasting and prayer.
In this month, Allah, grant me seriousness and effort, strength and eagerness, remorse and repentance, awe of you and optimism, humbleness in your presence and fear of your punishment,
watchfulness toward you and hope in you, trust in you and renunciation of all you have forbidden, pious words and accepted efforts, deeds that rise up to you and prayer that is answered—you are close, and you answer prayers.
Allah, do not let there come between me and my obedience to you affliction, disease, grief, need, or poverty. Let repentance and remorse block me from being disobedient to you. Do this through your mercy, Most Merciful One.
In this month, Allah, apportion to me the best share that you have ever given or will give to any of your pious servants of good, barakat, acceptance, answered prayer, and fulfilled wishes.
In this month, Allah, give me the best of what you have ever given or will give any of your devoted friends, of mercy, continued health, winning paradise, and salvation from hellfire.
In this month, Allah, let my supplication reach you, let your goodness encompass me, let my deeds be accepted, let my efforts be received with thanks, let my sins be forgiven,
such that my share of this month’s blessings is large, my portion of its boons abundant, and my reward in it great. You are the one who pities and forgives.