«The most beautiful names belong to Allah: so call on Him by them.» (Quran A’raf: 180).=In this Munajaat, Allah Ta’ala’s Dai supplicates Allah using his beautiful names, asma’ullah al-husna.
I supplicate you, O lord who has mercy on my flowing tears.=I beseech you, O lord dispeller of my deep sighs.
I supplicate you, O generous one.=Give generously of your bounty and barakaat to your needy servants.
I supplicate you, O caring one.=Give us a caring look. Give us a kind gaze.
I supplicate you, O compassionate one.=Pour rainclouds of your vast compassion on the people of allegiance.
I supplicate you, O plentiful giver.=Grant me, through your grace, all my hopes, wishes, and desires.
I supplicate you, O sustainer. Give us sustenance.=Make multifold the sustenance of those who offer zakaat.
I supplicate you, O possessor of riches.=Multiply my sustenance all my life through your auspicious wealth.
I supplicate you, O guide.=Guide us in all matters to the best of roads.
I supplicate you, O mighty one.=Join our broken bones. Ease our death and its convulsions.
I supplicate you, O conqueror.=Grant victory to Dawat. Rescue the community from doubt.
I supplicate you, O vanquisher.=Seize each enemy of your religion. Send him to destruction.
I supplicate you, O concealer. Conceal our faults.=O exonerator of slips and errors.
I supplicate you, O forgiver.=Forgive our sins, deliberate and accidental.
I supplicate you, O accepter of repentance.=I offer sincere repentance. Save me from the darkness.
I stand at your door, a humble and submissive servant.=Weak, lowly, burdened with sins.
I stand at your door, needy. I stand at your door, afraid.=Wretched and poor, begging for alms.
I stand at your door, a repentant renouncing sin.=I ask forgiveness for my many wrongdoings and transgressions.
Allah, change all my bad deeds—as you promised in the Qur’an—=to good deeds.
I have come to you in prayer, O lord of the world,=seeking the intercession (wasila) of your holy “words”:
I seek the wasila of Nabi Taha Mustafa, son of Hashim,=who was known as “the one with the cooking pots”=(A metaphor for generous hospitality--Hashim Nabi used to feed the Hajj pilgrims).
And the wasila of Maula Ali Murtaza, his Wasi.=Of Fatema, and their descendants, the noble leaders.
And the wasila of Tayyib of the Age, my refuge and my lord,=whose Dawat—by God!—is the ship of my salvation.
And the wasila of the radiant Duaat Mutlaqeen.=Their heir, pivot of pivots, Qutbuddin Maula, my most excellent guide.
My love for them is my best treasure.=By it, I gain closeness to you, O lord of the world.
I am the servant of Muhammad’s descendants.=I offer my life for them.
Tonight is the night dedicated to Zahra,=whose extraordinary worth is more than a thousand months.
Allah, accept my prayers and supplications in this night through your grace, despite my shortcomings and weakness.
Allah, protect me, my family, my household, and the supporters of truth—protect them from every direction.
I supplicate you, my lord. Show compassion to your servants throughout the world. Relieve their difficulties in this pandemic.
Shower salawaat on Taha, his honored descendants,=and their representatives, the Dais, O answerer of supplications.