O Kaaba, O mercy of the Merciful One! O Dai of the Compassionate One, the Generous One!
The Glorious Name of Allah, ism-ul-jalalah, is the descendant of Taha Mustafa is. You, O Dai of the Merciful One, are his name.
You are the intercessor, al-shafee’, for your servant at the moment of death—raise him to the lofty heights of Paradise.
You are the munificent one, al-kareem, who generously gifts rubies and coral. Indeed, you gift the heart its salvation.
You are the all-hearing one, al-samee’, who hears the cry of the wretched. You are the one who grants him his wish in peace and calm.
You are the unique one, al-waheed, with all the radiant virtues you have acquired, and your grand station.
You are the lofty one, al-rafee’, who soars in the sky of the Imam, the luminous descendant of the Prophet and of his grandsons Hasan and Husain.
You are the all-sufficient one, al-ghanee, while we are all in need of your charity and generosity.
You are the one with great knowledge, al-aleem, from the wisdom-treasury of Aale Muhammad. You know the deep truths of the Quran and the hadith.
You bring souls to life with that knowledge. You save them from this lowly world and bring them to the world of eternal life. 
You are the all-informed one, al-khabeer—you know the intricacies of things, with which you guide believers to righteousness.
You are the one who governs Tayyib Imam’s Dawat, al-mudabbir. You raise its minarets above the heights of Saturn!
You are the all-seeing one, al-baseer,  who sees the secrets buried in our hearts. You answer us and grant us all our wishes.
You are the all-powerful one, al-azeez,  who grants strength to all who pledge allegiance and abases every deceiving hypocrite.
You are the severe one, al-shadeed, toward all who have altered the tenets of the rightly guiding faith with their unbelief and lies.
You are the one who is close, al-qareeb, to all those whose heart holds love for the radiant Dais, essences of creation.
You are the one who will take us back in the hereafter, al-mu’eed, from this world to Paradise, back to the blessed assembly.
O firm handle of God’s religion for us to hold fast, O sheltering cave for all believers, O refuge for the pious!
My heart reaches out to you, O comforter of hearts! My life is ransom for yours, O one who has no peer!
Your beatific vision is the manifestation of Eid and a joy for believers! For enemies, seeing you is their garland of shame and abasement.
Felicitations for Eid-ul-Fitr, O full moon in the darkness! You have adorned the firmament of faith with your radiance!
May the Lord of the Throne keep you alive, O full moon of guidance, glorious beauty of His Dawat, through the ages!
May He grant you the hoped-for clear victory, fath-e-mubeen, and aid, nasr, and strong empowerment, always and at every turn!