I call to you in supplication, O most merciful one!=I come to you in hope, O most generous one!
For the True Dawat, for the Supporters, Ansaar, of Truth,=for mighty aid, nasr-e aziz, and clear victory, fateh mubeen.
Let the people of allegiance, the group possessing conviction,=come together in the shade of the rightly-guiding Da’i.
Let those who have been led astray by the deception of the group=who are enemies and liars, be guided back to the Truth.
I call to you in supplication, by the sanctity of my Mawali,=allegiance to whom, without doubt, is the heart of religion.
My masters are the Five Pure Ones=who have no peer among those who went before or those who are yet to come.
I supplicate you in the name of the Prophet of this cycle, Mohammad,=who is known as the Chief of the Prophets.
Allah’s grace flowed to him in abundance,=and Rasulullah was never miserly in its distribution.
I supplicate you in the name of Murtaza, chief of the Wasi-s,=who is described as Anza’ and Bateen.=(Anza’ literally means one who is baldheaded, and Bateen means one who has a belly. The meaning of these attributes is that Amirul Mumineen SA was entirely free of shirk, of assigning partners to Allah, and that knowledge was contained within him.)
He is Ali, Allah Ta’ala’s beloved Wali,=a Mumin’s refuge, the best giver of aid.
I supplicate you in the name of the Pure Maulatuna Fatema,=best of all the women of the world.
Lailatul Qadr, whose value is lofty, symbolizes Fatema’s high station.
I supplicate you in the name of Hasan al-Mujtaba,=first of the seven Atimmaa Imams, a Maula possessing weighty forbearance.
I supplicate you in the name of the fifth of the Five Pure Ones, Sayyid-ush-Shuhada, King of Martyrs, in whose remembrance my heart grieves and laments.
I supplicate you in the name of their descendants, the Prophet’s family,=ahl-e bayt, our leaders, Commanders of the Faithful, Amirul Mumineen.
They are Companions of the Quran—=what a magnificent Quran we have, and what magnificent Companions!
They are the reason for creation.=My religion is the religion of their love.
I supplicate you in the name of their successor, Tayyeb, and his descendant,=Imam of right guidance, chief of the people of piety, taqwa.
He is the Imam of the Age, Imam uz Zamaan, sanctuary for Allah’s servants, Allah’s firm, strong rope.
I supplicate you in the name of their radiant Dai-s—=every Dai possesses a great station, each fulfils his trust.
They are Dai-s of right guidance,=stepladders of salvation for climbers to the celestial realm.
I supplicate you in the name of their successor, Syedna Qutbuddin,=a shining sun among the great Duat Mutlaqeen.
Allah, let Qutbuddin Maula’s kind graces and=loving glances always flow toward us!
I am his son Taher, who, in every moment, remembers his luminous virtues.
With heartfelt sincerity, I built his Raudah of Light, Raudat un Noor,=with the people of conviction, to serve him.
The Quran casts its shade on his noble grave, where he lies buried.
I am a servant of the Prophet’s honorable descendants.=I seek their aid always.
I lay down my life for them, my wealth, my family, my noble children.
Allah, I am your servant—=refuge-seeking, humble, needy, heart-broken, lowly.
I stand at your door, feeble, a prisoner.=I stand at your door, veiled from you, grieving.
I stand at your door, rejected, exiled.=I stand at your door, shamed, captive.
I have come to you, Lord, afraid.=I admit that I have sinned.
My Lord, forgive my sins, conceal my flaws.=I am repentant
My sins are so many they cannot be counted.=Is there any but you who can forgive them?
Allah, have mercy on me! Allah, have mercy on me!=Is there any but you who can grant me mercy?
Allah, grant me aid! Allah, grant me aid!=Is there any but you who can grant me aid?
Allah, grant me sustenance! Allah, grant me sustenance!=Is there any but you who can grant me sustenance?
Allah, place me among those who give thanks for your abundant blessings.
Allah, place me among those who are patient in adversity,=in trials and hardships.
Allah, place me among those who are rightly guided=by your direction, direction we which we ardently beseech.
Allah, place me among those who are sincere, among your servants.=(Reference to Quran Surah Yusuf Ayah 24: “He was one of our chosen servants.”)
Through my love for my Mawali, Allah,=place me among those who are freed from this Sea of Physicality.
Ease my hardships, Allah.=In every matter, place me among the successful.
Let me give thanks to you Allah every moment in my life,=Place me among your worshippers.
Allah, make me learned and wise.=Allah, place me among those who possess knowledge.
Grant me your inspiration at every moment,=Allah, so that I remain with the truthful ones. 
Grant me “coolness-of-the-eyes,” qurratul ain, in my children.=Place my descendants among the pious.
Grant them right direction, such that they attain the many branches of rightly-guiding knowledge and become truly learned.
I turn my face toward you, Allah. I am not one who assigns you partners.
My prayer, my worship, my life, my death, all are dedicated to my Lord.=I am a Muslim.
Protect me, Allah, from disbelievers,=from the evil of devils and discord-mongers.
Seize, seize in your just retribution, Allah,=the group who are your vicious enemies.
They try to plot, but despite their worst efforts, my Lord is the better plotter. (Reference to Quran Surah Anfal Ayah 30: “They plot and Allah plots, and Allah is the best plotter.”)
Cast them swiftly in Hellfire, Lord, humiliated and shamed.
Shower salawaat blessings, Allah, on Mustafa,=and on his descendants, the pure chieftains.