Allah! Because of You I succeeded. Because of you I felt joy. Because of you I was guided. Because of you I learned to read. Because of you I learned to comprehend. Because of you I am. If not for you, I would not be .
My Lord! Your blessings are manifest but uncountable. They are also hidden but cannot be concealed. You have showered Your blessings upon me in the past. And in the present. And in You, I put my hopes for the future.
I am the lowly one You endowed with respect - for that I thank you. I am the mendicant You made rich - for that I thank You. And I am the destitute You clothed - for that I thank You. I am the lost one You guided - for that I thank You.
I am the ignorant one You gave knowledge to - for that I thank You. And I am the unruly one You directed – for that I thank You . I am the weak one You gave strength to - for that I thank You.
Allah! I ask You, who reveals beauty. And conceals the ugly. And forgives our sins. And does not expose our shame. Who generously forgives. Pardons with good will. Abundant in mercy. Abundant in compassion. Who knows all that is spoken. And to Whom all bring their woes.
I ask you, Allah, to grant me stillness and strength. And the will to do good.
Forgive that which You know and dislike in me. Forgive the trespasses which I have forgotten. Forgive me for turning away from good. Forgive the wrongdoings that I don’t remember.
I seek refuge in One Who is respected and powerful. I place my trust in One who is alive and will never die.
Allah, Lord of the seven heavens and the glorious throne . Our Lord, Lord of all things. Who revealed the Torah, the Bible and the Quran. I ask you to save me from the evil of all Your creatures.
Allah, You are the First, there was nothing before you. You are the Last, there is nothing after you. You are the Manifest, there is nothing above you. You are the Hidden, there is nothing beneath you.
Help me repay my debt. Protect me from poverty.
One who bestows favours but never needs. A strong support for all who seek refuge . Shelter for all who seek protection. A peaceful haven for all who are afraid.
If it has been ordained in the Quran that I am to be destitute, then erase destitution from my fate, do not keep me wanting. Ease my livelihood . Make me -- in your eyes -- joyous and rightly-guided. You have written in Your Holy Book . “Whatsoever Allah wishes He can change, whatsoever He wishes He can keep; He possesses the Book".
All praise is for Allah. His salawaat and salaam be showered on Mohammed and his descendants.