After praying the salaam, one should pray the following doa:
Allah, I beseech you, shower salawaat on Muhammad and his descendants, and clothe me with health. Encompass me with health. Strengthen me with health, Free me from need with health.
Honor me with health. Give me the alms of health. Gift me health. Spread out for me the carpet of health. And keep me in good health.
Allah, shower salawaat on Muhammad and his descendants, and keep my body sound, let not the passage of days betray me in my limbs and make my daily living a burden.
Allah, shower salawaat on Muhammad and his descendants, and grant me perfect health my whole life.
Do not separate me from complete health for as long as you keep me in this world. Do not let me become weak or incapacitated.
Do not let me have to depend on any other save your strength and power until you bring me to my time of death.
Almighty Allah, you have said, “Piety, taqwa, is the best garment.” Shower salawaat on Muhammad and his descendants.
And along with the garment of health for our bodies, give us the garment of piety for our souls, O kind one, O generous one.
Give us ears that understand your faith. Give us eyes that see your power. Give us hearts that recognize your majesty. Give our hearts the gift of perception.
Have us humble ourselves before you and fear your retribution. Give us strength to obey your commands, to shun transgressions that you have forbidden.
Give us hearts that are humble, meek, and grateful,. Tongues that remember (you). Eyes that stay awake (in worship). Bodies that endure.
And faith that is strong. Protect us from every disaster and save us from every calamity.
Allah, we beseech you, shower salawaat on Muhammad and his descendants, and—for you are the best sustainer.
Sustain us with food, rizq, that is substantial, halal, wholesome, and good, that enables us to live a happy life.
Sustain us also from the food-laden trays that descend from the heavens, the food of true, celestial, healing knowledge that nourishes our souls and gives it eternal life.
Give us the blessing of striving to perform acts of charity and good deeds in obedience to you.
And of exchanging the lower pleasures of the body for the higher pleasures of the soul, with acts of virtue and piety that will remain forever and raise our stations in the high heavens.
I ask you for this in the name of your pure and noble Awliya, and by your mercy, O most merciful one.
O Lord, clothe me in garments of piety, taqwa=Grant my body good health and free it from every disease
Allah, grant our souls the sustenance, rizq, of good deeds=That will remain forever