O God, this is a blessed and fortunate day, within which the Muslims are gathered in the quarters of Thy earth. Among them are present the asker, the seeker, the beseecher, the fearful, while Thou art looking upon their needs.
So I ask Thee by Thy munificence and generosity - and easy upon Thee is what I ask Thee! - that Thou blessest Muhammad and his Household. 2- And I ask Thee, O God, our Lord - for Thine is the kingdom and Thine is the praise;
there is no god but Thou, the Clement, the Generous, the All-loving, the All-kind, Possessor of majesty and munificence, Originator of the heavens and the earth - whenever Thou apportionest among Thy faithful servants So I ask Thee by Thy munificence and generosity - and easy upon Thee is what I ask Thee! - that Thou blessest Muhammad and his Household. 2- And I ask Thee, O God, our Lord - for Thine is the kingdom and Thine is the praise;
good, well being, blessing, guidance, works in obedience to Thee, or good through which Thou art kind to them by guiding them to Thee, or raisest them up a degree with Thee, or givest them the good of this world or the next,
that Thou givest me amply my share and allotment of it. And I ask Thee, O God - for Thine is the kingdom and the praise; there is no god but Thou - that Thou blessest Muhammad, Thy servant and Thy messenger, Thy beloved and Thy selected friend, Thy chosen from among Thy creation,
and the Household of Muhammad, the pious, the pure, the chosen, with a blessing no one has strength to count but Thou, that Thou associatest us with the most righteous of Thy faithful servants who supplicate Thee today
O Lord of the worlds!— and that Thou forgivest us and them! Surely Thou art powerful over everything
O God, toward Thee I aim with my need and before Thee I set my poverty, my neediness, my misery, for I have more trust in Thy forgiveness and Thy mercy than in my own works.
Thy forgiveness and Thy mercy are vaster than my sins. So bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, and attend to the accomplishment of every need of mine through Thy power over it,
its easiness for Thee, my poverty toward Thee, and Thy freedom from need for me! I will come upon no good whatsoever unless through Thee,
no one other than Thou will turn any evil away from me, and I have hope in none but Thee for my affair in the next world and in this world.
O God, if anyone has ever arranged, made ready, prepared, and drawn himself up to be received by a creature in hope of his support and awards
then today toward Thee, my Master, is my arrangement, my making ready, my preparation, and my drawing up, in hope of Thy pardon and support and in seeking to attain to Thee and Thy prize.
O God, so bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and disappoint not my hope in that today! O He who is not troubled by those who ask and diminished by those who attain their desire!
I come not before Thee trusting in a righteous work I have sent ahead, nor in the intercession of any creature in whom I have hope, except the intercession of Muhammad and the Folk of his House (upon him and upon them be Thy peace).
I come to Thee admitting sin and evildoing toward myself. I come to Thee hoping for Thy abounding pardon through which Thou hast pardoned the offenders, while their long persistence in dreadful sin did not prevent Thee from returning toward them with mercy and forgiveness!
O He whose mercy is wide and whose pardon is abounding! O All-mighty! O All-mighty! O All-generous! O All-generous!
Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, return toward me through Thy mercy, be tender toward me through Thy bounty, and spread out Thy forgiveness upon me!
O God, this station belongs to Thy vicegerents, Thy chosen, while the places of Thy trusted ones in the elevated degree which Thou hast singled out for them have been forcibly stripped!
But Thou art the Ordainer of that - Thy command is not overcome, the inevitable in Thy governing is not overstepped! However Thou willest and whenever Thou willest!
In that which Thou knowest best, Thou art not accused for Thy creation or Thy will! Then Thy selected friends, Thy vicegerents, were overcome, vanquished, forcibly stripped;
they see Thy decree replaced, Thy Book discarded, Thy obligations distorted from the aims of Thy laws, and the Sunna of Thy Prophet abandoned!
O God, curse their enemies among those of old and the later folk, and all those pleased with their acts, and their adherents and followers!
O God, bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad (surely Thou art All-laudable, All-glorious) like Thy blessing, benedictions, and salutations upon Thy chosen Abraham and the people of Abraham!
And hasten for them relief, ease, help, strengthening, and confirmation! -O God, and make me one of the people who profess Thy Unity, have faith in Thee,
and attest to Thy Messenger and the Imams toward whom Thou hast enjoined obedience, and one of those through whom and at whose hands this takes place! Amen, Lord of the worlds!
O God, nothing repels Thy wrath but Thy clemency, nothing repels Thy displeasure but Thy pardon, nothing grants sanctuary from Thy punishment but Thy mercy, and nothing will deliver me from Thee except pleading to Thee before Thee,
so bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, and give us on Thy part, my God, relief by means of the power through which Thou bringest the dead servants to life and revivest the dead lands.
Destroy me not through gloom, my God, before Thou respondest to me and givest me the knowledge of Thy response to my supplication! Let me taste the flavour of well-being to the end of my term!
And let not my enemy gloat over me, place not my neck in his power, and give him not authority over me! - My God, if Thou raisest me up, who is there to push me down?
If Thou pushest me down, who is there to raise me up? If Thou honourest me, who is there to humiliate me? If Thou humiliatest me, who is there to honour me?
If Thou chastisest me, who is there to have mercy upon me? If Thou destroyest me, who is there to stand up for Thy servant against Thee or ask Thee about his affair?
But I know that there is no wrong in Thy decree and no hurry in Thy vengeance. He alone hurries who fears to miss, and only the weak needs to wrong.
But Thou art exalted, my God, high indeed above all that! O God, bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, make me not the target of affliction
nor the object of Thy vengeance, respite me, comfort me, release me from my stumble, and afflict me not with an affliction in the wake of an affliction,
for Thou hast seen my frailty, the paucity of my stratagems, and my pleading to Thee! - I seek refuge in Thee today, my God, from Thy wrath
so bless Muhammad and his Household and give me refuge! - I seek sanctuary in Thee today from Thy displeasure, so bless Muhammad and his Household, and give me sanctuary! - I ask Thee security from Thy chastisement,
so bless Muhammad and his Household, and give me security! - I seek guidance from Thee, so bless Muhammad and his Household and guide me! - I seek help from Thee,
so bless Muhammad and his Household and help me! - I ask Thee for mercy, so bless Muhammad and his Household and have mercy upon me! - I seek sufficiency from Thee, so bless Muhammad and his Household and suffice me!
I seek provision from Thee, so bless Muhammad and his Household and provide for me! - I seek assistance from Thee, so bless Muhammad and his Household and assist me!
I pray forgiveness for my past sins, so bless Muhammad and his Household and forgive me! I ask Thee to preserve me from sin, so bless Muhammad and his Household and preserve me,
for I will not return to anything Thou dislikest from me, if Thou willest that! - My Lord! My Lord! O All-loving! O All-kind! O Possessor of majesty and munificence! Bless Muhammad and his Household,
and grant me everything that I ask from Thee, seek from Thee, and beseech from Thee! Will it, ordain it, decree it, and accomplish it!
Give me good in that of it which Thou decreest! Bless me in that, be gratuitously bountiful toward me through it, make me happy in that of it which Thou givest to me,
and increase me in Thy bounty and the plenty of what is with Thee, for Thou art Boundless, Generous! And link that to the good and the bliss of the next world,
O Most Merciful of the merciful! God's salawaat, blessings, and salaam upon Mohammed and the progeny of Mohammed.