Glory be to Allah. All praise to Allah. There is no god but Allah. Allah is great.
There is no strength and no force except Allah’s, the Almighty, the Most High.
Glory be to God in the morning and in the night. Glory be to God in the evening and at dawn.
Oh Allah! Today is Thursday. It is a noble day, in it you raised up your servant Idris.
Oh Allah, raise up my deeds in this day just as you raise up the best deeds of your faithful servants.
Oh Allah! Bless me with a pious heart. And constant kindness. And a truthful tongue. And a heart which understand all that You say to it.
Oh Allah! If You bless me with good health, then let me be grateful. And if You afflict me, then let me be patient. Oh Allah! Cover my shame.
Oh Allah! I ask You to protect me from stinginess, cowardice, laziness, senility, disability, the punishment of the grave, and the sedition of the false Messiah.
O dispeller of hardships. One who answers all prayers. One who bestows blessings. One who grants all wishes. One who gives all what we ask for.
Allah, I ask You to grant me restraint that shields me from sinning. And mature control which conquers my anger. Make me a good companion for those who befriend me.
Oh Allah! Place me among those who remember You. Who are humble before You. Who are in awe of You. Who turn towards You in repentance.
Your protection offers security. Glorious is Your praise. There is no god but You.
Allah! With Your help I have tried to fulfil all that You have made compulsory for me .
Allah! I am not strong enough to find goodness, to pull it towards myself. So bring it to me, beneficial and wholesome. Ease my hardship, O dispeller of hardship. One who answers the prayer of the helpless.
O Most Merciful One, Most Compassionate One, in this world and the hereafter. You are the one who blesses me with mercy. Be merciful to me, such that I have no need of any other. Do not leave me to fend for myself even for the blink of an eye, else I will go astray.
Oh Allah! I ask you for virtue, chastity, wealth, and safety in my religious and worldly needs, for myself, my property, my children, and my companions.
I seek Allah’s protection, by the grace of His perfect words, from the evil which He created.
Allah! I beseech you, You know all seekers’ petitions. You are aware of the inner yearnings of those remain silent. For every petition, You are always listening, You have a ready answer. For all who remain silent, Your knowledge is all encompassing, Your promises are true, Your gifts are generous, Your compassion is vast.
 I ask you to fulfil my needs. And answer my prayer. And cover my shame.
Your servant stands upon Your threshold. Your petitioner places his hopes in You.
Grant him a way out from his hardship. Grant him sustenance from a place that he cannot even imagine.