Allah! With your permission I pray to You and praise You
Listen to me and accept my offering of praise. Answer my prayer, my Lord, Forgive my trespass.
Allah! Let the first part of my day be filled with goodness. Let the middle be filled with prosperity. Let the last be filled with success.
All praise is for Allah, Who created me from nothing.
My Lord, You have eased many difficulties, resolved many troubles, solved many problems, untangled many knots.
I bear witness that there is no God but Allah, He is the only One and has no partner.
I bear witness that Muhammad - salawaat upon him and his descendants - is Allah’s servant and messenger.
Islam is what he has described. The Book has been revealed by God. Allah is the Real.
Allah, I offer You praise for Your eloquent proofs and Your valiant defence. By which You protected me from attack. By which you gave me gifts of joy, even though I remained asleep in my ignorance.
My heedlessness did not stop You, Master, from keeping me safe from hardship.
And making me aware of Your religion, and my heart steadfast in your remembrance. You made me aware of You, and guided me towards Righteousness .
All praise is for You, always and forever. The sky and its horizons, the earth and all upon it, bow down to you.
Praise for You, abundant, pure and sacred. No end to it nor completion. As you prefer to be praised -- for all your virtues, for all your blessings.
Allah! Your will can never be contested. Your word can never be opposed.
Merciful and Compassionate Allah! By the strength of Your will, help my limbs shun sin.
Allah! Shower salawaat on Muhammad and his descendants. Keep me in Your refuge and by Your side.
Protect me from Satan’s evil and from his violation of your oneness. From the evil and unjustness of those in power. From the evil and the greed of mankind. From the evil of all evildoers. From the evil of every creature.
My Lord is on the right path.
Light of the skies and the earth, their support. Creator of the skies and the earth, their Lord.
Glorious and Generous Being. Refuge for all who seek protection. Saviour of all who are in trouble. One who listens to the screams of the desperate. Who answers the prayers of the needy. Who removes hardship, God of all worlds.
You are my saviour, it is from you I seek help. 