Praise to Allah, with deep gratitude for His blessings. We testify that there is no god but Allah, in acknowledgement for His divinity.
We testify that Muhammad is His messenger – may Allah pray salawaat upon him and his descendants – with full faith in his message.
We testify that Ali is the wali of Allah, taking his walaayat as our shield. We testify that there is no strength except from Allah, the glorious and benevolent, in veneration for His glory.
Praise to Allah who has honoured us with this day, and included us among those who have faith, possess conviction, believe in truth, righteousness, and the oneness of God.
He did not place us amongst those who oppose the truth, are hypocrites and liars, and lead others astray.
I ask You who accepted Adam’s plea for forgiveness on Ashura, who anchored Nooh Nabi’s ship on Mount Joodi on Ashura
who extinguished the fire that was lit to burn Ibrahim on Ashura, who heard Musa Nabi and Harun’s prayer in the holy plain of Tuwa, on Ashura,
who brought together the family of Ya’qoob Nabi on Ashura, who eased Zu-n-Nun Nabi’s suffering in the whale’s belly on Ashura,
who alleviated Ayyub Nabi’s suffering from the torture of worms on Ashura,
who forgave Dawood Nabi’s transgression on Ashura, who gave Sulaiman Nabi his kingdom on Ashura,
who saved Yusuf Nabi from the well on Ashura, who made Eesa Nabi ascend to the heavens on Ashura,
who increased Khadir’s knowledge on Ashura, who helped Muhammad – may Allah pray salawaat on him and his descendants, on Ashura.
Allah! I beseech you to grant me boundless mercy, glorious blessings and complete forgiveness on this day.
Allah! This is a sacred, noble and honourable day . Its prestige is glorious, its blessings are enormous, and its bounties are tremendous.
On this day, Musa Nabi passed away, Isa Nabi was born, and the delight of Allah’s Messenger’s heart, was killed
He was the light of the eyes of of Fatema al-Batool, Husain, son of Ali ibne Abi Talib – salawaat and salaam upon him
On this day, those who won, won, those who perished, perished, those who were fortunate were fortunate, and those who were wretched were wretched
those who ascended, ascended, and those who fell, fell. On this day, Qaaim-ul-qiyaamat will appear.
Allah! Curse Husain’s killer and all who supported him. Allah! Shower Your boundless mercy upon all who helped Husain and sacrificed their flesh and blood for him. Keep them with him in heaven
I ask You to pray salawaat on Muhammad and his descendants, and, on this day, to ease my situation, better my circumstances, forgive my sins, and overlook my trespasses,
Allah! Shower Your mercy upon those to whom the world and its people do not show mercy. Accept those whom lands and countries do not accept.
Allah! Have mercy on my weakness, my penury, my poverty, my desolation, my loneliness, and my ignorance. O Living One, O Sustainer, O Majestic One, O Generous One!
On this day, alleviate my grief in worldly matters and faith, O Merciful One, O Compassionate One, O Lord of the Day of Judgment. It is You we worship and it is from You that we seek help.
Praise to Allah, Lord of both the worlds. His salawaat and greetings upon His Messenger - our leader Muhammad, seal of the prophets, leader of all who were sent before him – and upon all his pure descendants
We place our trust in Allah and He is the best agent, the best master, and the best giver of aid. There is no strength nor might but from Allah, Most Lofty and Great.