All praise to Allah, who guided us to His praise, and placed us among its people, so that we may be among those who profess gratitude for His favors, And so that He may reward us abundantly for our gratitude and praise.
All praise to Allah, who gifted us His religion, selected us for His faith, And placed us in the path of His favors, so that we may traverse it, by His grace, to the goal of pleasing Him; praise that He accepts from us, and that we can please Him by.
All praise to Allah, who made one of these paths His month, the month of Ramadan: the month of fasting, the month of Islam, the month of purification, the month of cleansing, the month of standing up in prayer,
The month in which the Quran was revealed, as guidance for mankind, and proofs of guidance and demarcation.
Allah made clear the merit of this month over all the other months, by giving it abundant sanctity and eminent merits
He proscribed in it things He permitted in other months to glorify it. He prohibited in it food and drink to venerate it.
He made for it a specific time, not permitting it to be brought forward, and not accepting it being made later.
Then He favored one of its nights over the nights of a thousand months,
and named it Laylatul Qadr, the Night of Value. Angels come down in it, the Spirit among them, with their Lord’s permission, bringing safety from every peril.
Its barakat continues unceasing till the rising of the morning pouring down upon those whom Allah chooses among His servants, by His forceful decree.
Allah, bestow salawaat on Mohammed and his progeny, and inspire us to recognize the merit of this month, glorify its sanctity, And abstain from the things You proscribed in it
Help us to fast in it, by preventing our limbs from sinning against You, and by using them to perform deeds that please You.
Such that we do not lend our ears to frivolity, or hasten with our eyes toward gaiety,
Or stretch out our hands toward that which is forbidden, or walk with our feet toward that which is restricted.
And such that we do not take into our belly except that which is halaal, or speak with our tongues except that which You have encouraged,
Or undertake anything except that which brings us closer to Your reward, or give and take anything except that which protects from Your punishment.
Further, purify all these acts from affectation and pretense, such that we do not include in them any but You, or intend by them any but You.
Allah, bestow salawaat on Mohammed and his progeny, and make us observe each of the five namaaz times,
Heeding the limits You have set for them, the prayers You have mandated, the regular acts You have required, and the times You have fixed for them.
Put us in a station regarding them which is held by those who fulfill their stations, preserve their fundamentals, undertake to perform them punctually,
with all that Your servant and messenger, Your salawaat upon him and his progeny, legislated, regarding its ruku’, sujud, 
And all of its glories, with fullest and most complete purity, and deepest and clearest humility.
Give us tawfeeq to strengthen bonds of affection with our family, be generous and kind to our neighbors,
Purify our wealth from depravities, cleanse it by offering zakaat,
Woo back one who cuts off relations with us, give justice to one who oppresses us, and make peace with one who proffers us enmity—
Except the enemy who is hated because he is Your enemy, for he is an enemy whom we will never befriend, an adversary whose hand we will never clasp.
Give us tawfeeq to come closer to You in this month by performing good deeds, which cleanse us of our sins, and protect us from going back to iniquities.
Such that not even one of Your Angels comes to You with the kinds of good deeds we have performed, and the forms of coming close to You we have implemented.
Allah, by the right of this month, and by the right of all those who did Your bandagi in it from its beginning to the time of is completion—
Angels You have brought close, prophets You have sent down, and pious servants whom You have selected— I beseech You to bestow salawaat on Mohammed and his progeny,
And make us worthy in this month of the honor You have promised to Your Awliya. Decree for us the good You have decreed for those immersed in obedience to You.
String us, by Your mercy, in the pearl-string of those who have earned the highest companionship (rafeeq al a’la).
Allah, bestow salawaat on Mohammed and his progeny, and protect us from heresy regarding Your tawheed, or falling short in glorifying You,
or doubt in Your religion, or being blind and not seeing Your path, or neglect of Your sanctity, or following Your enemy, the cursed shaytan.
Allah, bestow salawaat on Mohammed and his progeny, and if in each of the nights of this month of ours there are necks that Your forgiveness frees and Your clemency liberates,
then make our necks among those. And make us the best of companions for this month of ours.
Allah, bestow salawaat on Mohammed and his progeny, and efface our sins alongside the effacement of its moon; strip our transgressions alongside the stripping of its days.
Such that when this month ends, You have cleansed us of all our iniquities.
Allah, bestow salawaat on Mohammed and his progeny, and if we bend in it straighten us, and if we stoop in it level us,
and if our enemy, shaytan, bears down on us, save us from him.
Allah, load this month with the cargo of our worship of You, adorn its moments with our obedience to You,
And by using them to perform deeds that please You. Such that we do not lend our ears to frivolity, or hasten with our eyes toward gaiety, and bow down in front of You,
Such that its days do not testify against us, calling us heedless, nor its nights, calling us negligent.
Allah, make us do all this in all the months and days of the year, as long as You keep us alive.
Make us among Your pious servants who inherit paradise, living in it forever;
those who give, their hearts apprehensive and conscious that they will soon return to their lord
Those who hasten to do good deeds, and compete to do them.
Allah, bestow salawaat on Mohammed and his progeny, in every time, and every occasion, and every condition,
these salawaats reaching in number all the salawaats You have bestowed on all those upon whom You have bestowed salawaat. Nay, rather, multiply them, in an abundance no one but You can count.
You have the power to do what You will.