Praise to Allah, Lord of all the worlds. May He shower salawaat on our master Mohammed, seal of the prophets, on our master Ali, chief of the legatees (wasi), and on the pure, virtuous Imams in their line.
Allah, this is the month of Ramadaan, the month of fasting and prayer, the month of repentance and atonement, the month of mercy, forgiveness, freedom from hellfire, and earning paradise.
Allah, make this Ramadaan good for me, protect it from my iniquity, and aid me to honor it with Your best aid. Give me direction (tawfeeq) to obey You in it. Empty me of worldly aspirations so I focus on Your worship, Your supplication, and on reciting Your Book.  Grant me abundant blessings and good health. Expand in it my livelihood and sustenance.
Allah, protect me this Ramadaan from illness, disease, accidents, ailments, transgressions, and sins. Avert from me evil, immorality, weariness, tribulation, fatigue, and exhaustion. 
Protect me from the accursed Satan, and from his slander, calumny, spitting, blowing, whispering, demoralizing, plotting, attacking, conspiring, prompting, and deception, as well as from his helpers, supporters, and followers, and from all their plots.
Allah, grant me the blessing of completing this month’s fast, achieving what I wish to achieve in it of prayer, and implementing in it all that would please You. Grant me patience, belief, and endurance. Accept all this from me and grant me manifold and great reward.
Allah, grant me in this month seriousness, strenuous effort, strength, enthusiasm, repentance, atonement, longing, awe, humility, a yielding heart, a truthful tongue, fear of You and hope, trust in You, 
Restraint from Your prohibitions, virtuous speech, accepted labors, elevated actions, and answered supplications.
Allah, apportion to me in this month the best You have apportioned to Your virtuous servants of mercy. Grant me the best You have granted Your pious devotees of forgiveness, mercy, pleasure, pardon, and well-being, and all the good of this world and the hereafter. 
Avert from me and from my children, my brothers, sisters, spouse and my whole family, and from all for whom my heart bears love, all evil in this world and the hereafter.
Allah, let my supplications in this month reach You. Let Your blessings in this month cover me. Let my deeds be accepted, my efforts rewarded, and my sins forgiven. Let my share of this months blessings be abundant, and my portion plentiful.
Grant me direction (tawfeeq) to worship You in the night of Laylatul Qadr in the best manner that You would wish any of Your devotees to pray, the manner that most pleases You. Let it be for me «nobler than a thousand months» Grant me the blessings that You have granted all You made to worship You in this night, all whom You honored by it. 
Record me in this night in the list of those You have freed from the fire. I ask You Lord to make me among the happiest of Your creatures, through Your mercy, Your forgiveness, Your generosity, Your pleasure, Your affection, and Your love, O Most Merciful One.
Allah, we ask You in the name of Your most honored names, we chant Your most beautiful praise, and beseech You most sincerely, that You occasion this Ramadaan to be the greatest Ramadaan we have ever witnessed. Let it protect both our religion and our worldly affairs, let it repay our debts, and obtain for us the intercession of our prophet Mohammed (SA). 
Complete our blessings, avert from us all harm, and clothe us in robes of good health. Place us among those who do not lose out on the blessings of Laylatul Qadr. Place us among those who do not miss out on assembling a noble treasure-trove, on giving beautiful thanks, and obtaining continued peace.
Allah, seal this month for us with Your mercy and with the prize of paradise. Place us among those who have obtained happiness, forgiveness, and freedom from the fire.
Allah, aid me this Ramadaan to remember You, thank You, and perform Your worship in the best conceivable manner. Direct me to do what will please You, and protect me from sin.
Allah, cover me with Your abundant blessings, do not punish me when I meet You, do not chastise me for my transgressions, do not rebuke me for my bad deeds, do not divest me of the singular blessing You have granted me, and avert from me the evil of every evil doer. Do this by Your mercy, O Most Merciful One.
Allah, «Lord of the morning and the ten nights, of the doubled and the single», Lord of the month of Ramadaan, and of that which was revealed in it of the Qur’an, Lord of Jibra’eel, Meeka’eel and Israfeel, Lord of all the prophets and messengers, Lord of Mohammed, seal of the prophets. 
Our sins weigh us down, so relieve our burdens. We have come to You repentant, so accept our repentance. We have come to You asking forgiveness, so grant us forgiveness. We have come to You asking for protection, so protect us. We have come to You asking for shelter, so shelter us. We have come to You in submission, so do not shame us. We have come to You in awe, so grant us safety. 
We have come to You beseeching, so grant our request. You are the most generous of any who are beseeched, and the most excellent of any in whom we could place our trust. You are the one who hears our prayer, You are near, You respond.
Allah, our lord, «grant us blessings in this world and the hereafter, and save us from the punishment of the fire» by Your mercy, O Most Merciful One. Praise to Allah for His blessings. May he shower salawaat on Mohammed, seal of the prophets, and on his pure progeny, signposts of his sanctuaries and all other lands.