O Allah, I ask you in the name of Mohammed, Ali, Fatema, Hasan and Husain, by their right over you and by your right over them I ask you to make these prayers a gift from me. To Maulana Mohammed and Maulatuna Fatema.
Masters, accept my prayers, for they are my gift to you. Maulana Mohammed and Maulatuna Fatema. So accept them from me, and multiply the blessings I receive in return. 
O Allah, O Allah, O Allah. O Lord, O Lord, O Lord. O You who are the one sought! Accept these prayers, masters for they are my gift to you, Maulana Mohammed and to you, Maulatuna Fatema. 
Accept them, by the divine name which is treasured and concealed between ‘kaaf’ and ‘nun.’ Mohammed, Ali, Fatema Hasan, Husain, O my pure Masters. May Allah bestow Salawaat upon you as long as the night darkens and the day shines.  
I ask You, Allah, O Maula, by the waseela of the lords of the shari’ats, and the treasures of the trusts, by the waseela of the forms of divine light, and the assembly of manifestations. O Allah, O Allah, O Allah!
I ask you Allah by the waseela of the prophetic station and the light of Ali by the waseela of the essence of the jewel of Islam Fatema, Batul, daughter of God’s Messenger, Mohammed. 
By your right over them and their right over you: Forgive my sins! Allah, I beseech you! You are the one in whom we place our trust.  We take the waseela of your awliya, and through their love and through allegiance to them we attain your acceptance. 
O Allah, accept our supplications, hear our cries, and do not disappoint our wishes, O Allah make us victorious by the strength of our conviction in truth, and do not deprive us from achieving your happiness.
Allah, place us among those who maintain the sanctity of your rights, believe in your hudood, fear your anger, place their hopes in your mercy and fear your Punishment. Allah, by the sanctity of this day, this night, we come to you with  the waseela of the lords of the prophetic cycles, and by the Imams of the Ages. 
We ask you to pray salawaat on Mohammed and his descendants, in as vast a number as drops of rain, leaves of trees, and turns of the celestial spheres at night and in the day.
We ask you to make our hearts pure, our bodies well, and our commitment to your pleasure strong. Direct us to do what raises our stature in your eyes and brings us closer to you. Allah, you know that when a human takes the waseela of another human who is respected by the person s/he is appealing to and honored by them, that grants the request,
and protects the petitioner from what s/he fears. Will you not do the same, Allah, O Maula? You answer those who take the waseela of your awliya. Through their remembrance we receive your grace. 
Allah,in this day and this night, I ask you for that which your Prophet Mohammad asked you (Allah’s salwaat on him and his descendants), what Maulana Ali ibne Abi Talib, your Prophet’s Wasi, asked you (your salawat on him and on the Imams from his pure progeny). 
I ask you for that which your honored angels asked you, and for all that was asked by Maulatuna Fatema-tuz Zahra, the precious jewel, the hidden pearl; 
by the virtuous and noble Imam Hasan; by the pure Imam Husain, lamp of Allah’s religion;
by Ali, son of Husain, who is free from all vice; by Mohammed ul Baqir, son of Ali, the most honorable of those who mount the pulpit; by the excellent Imam, Jafar us Sadiq, son of Mohammed;
by  his exalted son, scion of Ibrahim Khalilullah’s line; by the Maula of all people, Ismail; by his son, seventh of the first heptad of Imams, the “Completers” (Atimma’), lofty and ultimate, best of those who walked upon the earth;
by his son, the first of the Concealed Imams, Abdullah, established in high honor,; by the second Imam of the Concealment, Ahmed, the one always praised; by his son whose person was concealed but whose actions were manifest;
by Imam Mahdi billah, who unsheathed his sword, and whose virtue was decreed; by Imam Qa’im bi-Amrillah, an Imam possessing shining lights and pure knowledge; by Imam Mansur billah, a lion in battle, dispeller of hardship; 
by Imam Moiz li-Deenillah, a full moon, who restored the might of Islam; by Imam Aziz billah a pure descendant, who uprooted the accursed tree;
by Imam Hakim bi-Amrillah, who was aided by Allah’s inspiration (ta’eed), and received His direction at all times; by Imam Zahir li-I’zaze Deenillah, whose actions were pure, whose virtues increased, and whose justice was manifest; 
by Imam Mustansir billah,through whom Allah granted victory to religion, destroyed the polytheists, and obliterated the atheists with his sword; by Imam Musta’li bi- Sultane Kalematillah,through whose ascension faith attained loftiness, and Satan was silenced;
by Imam Amir bi-Ahkamillah, scion of prophecy and imaamat, which will continue in his line till Judgment Day.
Allah, I ask you in this night that which was asked by Imam Tayyib Abul Qasim Ameerul Mumineen, and his son, Tayyib ul asr, the Imam of our age, the bringer of victory and aid.
in whom all the honorable ranks are assembled, in whom all the sublime lights came to reside.
Whose exalted position is denied by people of immorality and willful malice, whose pledge only the people of unbelief and deviation break. May Allah shower Salawaat on him, his pure forebears, and his honored descendants, who are awaited till Judgment Day.
I ask this, Allah, by your right over them, and their right over you, Lord of all the worlds, and by the waseela of the Du'aat Mutlaqeen.
and the right of their followers, their supporters, the people who obey them and love them, from the first of them to the last, and those who come close to you through them, believe in their authority, embrace their love, and accept their knowledge. 
I ask you by the waseela of each successor from their line, till the coming of the Lord of the End and Completion, Lord of the famed Day of Judgment, of the narrated reports.
Allah, I ask you by his lofty position, and the rankholders under him (Hujjat and Baab), Lord of all the worlds, to guide us in this night and this day, to perform good deeds and profitable transactions;
to uplift our name and fame because of our obedience to you and to your awliya. Honor our condition, and ease the path of good and eminence in this world and the hereafter, with pardon and forgiveness, O Most Compassionate Being! 
Allah, grant us in this night high stature, because of our walayat for them. Bestow upon us your blessings in life and in death. Do not turn away our faces from their walayat. Do not shift our hearts away from their obedience and love, and from holding on to their “firm handle” (urwat wuthqa).
Allah, let our lives be spent in love for them, and let our moving from this world be in a state of obedience to them. Grant us the boon of their intercession (shafa’at). Do not leave us to fend for ourselves such that we become abased and humbled. 
Allah, you yourself are our intercessor towards you, and our means towards you, with you. Allah, bless us because of our walayat for them, benefit us by our love for them, and do not deny us their companionship, being with them and in their group.
I ask this by the waseela of the creed “There is no god but You.” It is in you that we place our trust, toward you we that turn in repentance, and towards you that we return. 
Allah, I ask you for success, mercy, a glance, and your compassion, in this night. 
Allah, we ask you to not punish us for our wrongdoings and free us from hellfire. We ask this by the waseela of the angels who are close to you, the prophets you have sent, and your pure Imams and your Du'aat Mutlaqeen.
We ask you to grant us recognition of the lord of this night. Make us part of his congregation, by the waseela of Truth and its seekers, and by your waseela, oh Lofty One (Ali), O Great One. Praise be to Allah, creator of all people, bestower of blessings, 
May Allah shower salawat upon His Messenger, the learned, the signpost, the most honored among all whose feet walked upon this earth, Mohammed, the honored and privileged. 
May Allah shower salawat on Mohammed’s Wasi, Ali ibne Abi Talib, with whose sword Allah destroyed all who rebelled and oppressed. May Allah shower salawat on the Imams from his line, lights in darkness, lamps in the gloom. May he shower salaams on them all, and grant them honor, esteem and reverence. 
Allah is our sufficiency, He is the best guardian. He is the best Maula and the best support. There is no strength except from Allah, lofty and great. Allah, shower salawat on Mohammed and Mohammed’s descendants, and bless them.