God, the stars in your skies have set the eyes of your creatures have closed in sleep, the voices of your servants are stlled
the Banu Umayyah kings have locked their doors, secured by their guards and sentries, 
and retired to their private chambers, no longer accepting petitions from petitioners or supplicants
But you, God, are a king who is living, standing, not moved by slumber or sleep, not distracted from one thing by another
The doors of your skies are open for those who pray to you. Your treasuries are never locked. 
The means to your mercy and your favors for those who seek them are not restricted. No indeed, they are continuously disbursed
God, you are the generous one who never turns away mendicants who supplicate you. You never retire from seekers who come to you.
No, I swear on your might, their needs are not met by any but you. No one but you fulfills their wishes.
God, you see me standing in my humble position in front of you. 
You know my secret thoughts. You are aware of all that is in my heart. You know what is good for me, in this world and the next
God, the watch over death, the terror of the overlook, and the standing before you—all this has made me choke on my food and drink and 
gag on my spit. It has rendered me too anxious to seek my pillow, and prevented me from sleep or rest.
God, how can one who fears the sudden arrival of death’s knock in the night or day sleep? 
Indeed, how can any intelligent person sleep, when the Angel of Death does not sleep in the night or in the day?!
It seeks to capture his spirit hastily in the night, or, in fact, in any hour.
Then lay your cheek on the ground and pray:
Lord, I ask you for comfort and solace at the time of death. Transport me to your mercy and pleasure.
Lord, I ask you for comfort and solace at the time of death. Transport me to your mercy and pleasure.
Then prostrate and pray:
There is no god but God, truly, truly. I prostrate to you in sajda, Lord, in worship and servitude. 
O Great One, O Great One, my deeds are paltry— multiply them manifold, O Most Powerful One, O Most Generous One.
Forgive my faults and accept my prayers O Most Powerful One, O Most Generous One.
God, I seek refuge in you from loss and sinning.