Is faith anything other than love? Allah is my witness,=O son of Mustafa, that I love you
I love you, O radiant sun of the Imamate.=The stars shine with your flowing light
It is for that light, God’s light from the celestial realm that shines in your face, that I bow down in prostration
My blood takes pride in its imbued love for you.=My core is steeped in its ever-increasing love for you
My heart forever thanks you.=My tongue forever praises you.
O son of the Wasi Murtaza, O son of Fatema.=Paths of guidance are lit by you
Your praise is revealed by our lord in the Qur’an.=How can I do justice to your praise when Allah himself recites it?
I acknowledge the oneness of the Creator and bear witness that you are one in your station
The stars of the sky cannot rival your luminous virtue.=Their radiance bears witness to it.
By God, the person who loves you will live forever in paradise.=The most wretched among God’s servants is the wretch who denies you.
Felicitations for Eid ul Fitr, O Tayyib of the Age!=I have come to you for the fulfilment of my hopes.
The food-laden tray (ma’idat) that has come down from the sky of your generosity has increased our gladness.
For you are my Maula, my lord, my benefactor.=I am your servant, your slave, your worshipper.
I have never been empty of your blessings for a single hour.=How can I offer full thanks when your blessings are continuous?
Your name is my talisman against the admonishers’ venom.=Reciting your name makes all difficulties light.
During your concealment, the belief of sincere believers=is made strong by your Dais.
They are the Surahs of the Wise Remembrance (Qur’an),=and it is their high station that Masjids signify.
The masjids are the noble Duaat Mutlaqeen, virtuous, illustrious,=pious guides and leaders.
Their heir is the pure Qutbul Huda, my father.=There is no one like him in the world.
I am his son, the servant of Muhammad’s descendants.=I am the commander of the children of faith
I am the captain of the ship of faith.=I bring each person who climbs aboard to the courtyard of Fatema’s son.
As for the fields of guidance, I grow and nurture them.=As for the killing of faith’s enemies, I fight the true fight.
May Allah’s salawaat cover Taha and his descendants,=possessors of magnificent and pure virtues.