Allah, I seek to come close to You through this great month, its whole and its parts, and by the great rank-holders (hudood) of your religion who constitute its true meaning.
Aid me in performing its fasts and prayers, and attaining knowledge of those who are its concealed pillars and signposts.
I ask you in its name—honor my earthly life and my return. Aid me in linking its manifest deeds to its hidden meanings (zahir and batin), making blissful thereby my worldly life and the next.
Place me among the people for whom Laylatul Qadr—a night superior to a thousand months— is dearly familiar.
I ask that by praying in it I attain a high station. I ask that I be guided through my recognition of it to the straight path, protected from straying into the wilderness.
Let the Eid which comes after it bring the glad news that my deeds are accepted, my wishes are fulfilled, and You, Almighty, are pleased with my effort.
Allah, even though my weakness does not let me thank You as I should, accept my gratitude for Your favors. Even though my shortcomings do not let me perform my obligations as I should, help me to perform them.
Allah, just as You have blessed me with Your guidance without making me dependent on my will and effort, 
benefit me by that guidance and safeguard its blessing. Grant me the wisdom to give thanks for the favor of guidance You have conferred.
Allah, bestow Your salawaat upon Mohammed and his descendants. Accept my entreaty and answer my prayer. Do this through your mercy, Most Merciful God.
Allah, we bring our complaint to You—we have no one to help us. We are fighting a hard and terrible foe. Corruption is rife. Enemies have the upper hand. 
Faith is subjugated. The Qur’an is scorned. Its people are few and humiliated.
No tyranny passes them by, and no cruelty misses them. They are persecuted, and no one comes forward to protect them. They are targeted, and no one comes forward to shield them.
Allah, this is a time of bitter cold. It is a period of total confusion. We have heard of the words of a true, pious man that there will come a time when the believer will flee with his religion from one mountain refuge to another.
But where is the refuge to which we can flee? Where is the haven where we can find sanctuary? “My complaint is absence of disease, for I would have disease if I had limbs!”
Allah, save this community—confusion has scattered its people. Pregnant females have dropped their burdens.
Nothing remains of faith save a white spot on a black cowhide. Even those few are threatened. Most are on the brink of error and straying.
If the faithful were struggling with nothing else but the mockery of those who scorn them, it would have been enough to turn them away, to distract them from fearing Your punishment.
Allah, You are the lord of this house. Straighten its sagging frame. Strengthen its quaking pillars.  Your house deserves Your attention. And You are the best protector for it.
Allah, bestow Your salawaat on Mohammed and his descendants. Answer my prayer, and do not turn me away empty handed. Do this through Your mercy, Most Merciful God.