O Lord to whom we take our grievances and tears.=O Lord who grants the wishes of all who call out to him.
I beseech the intercession, wasila, of the First Intellect, Aql-i Awwal.=O Lord, Forgive my sins and transgressions.
I beseech you in the name of the Follower of the First Intellect, the Seven Circles of Intellects, and the Tenth Intellect, Aashir— celestial angels in the realm of eternity.
I beseech you in the name of the Perfect Adam, Adam al-Kulli, a complete intellect,=and in the name of the pure and noble Imams that come in his line…
…in the cycles of Revelation, Kashf, and Concealment, Satr,=and the Great Prophets, bringers of Shariah laws.
I beseech you in the name of the chief of the two worlds and the two species,=the Great Prophet, Natiq, of our cycle, Taha, chief of the Messengers.
I beseech you in the name of Haydar, best of all people, Muhammad’s Legatee,=Wasi. Love of Haydar is the pious devotee’s best deed, khayrul amal.
I beseech you in the name of his pure spouse, Zahra, chief of all women,=daughter of the Prophet, adorned with the robes of holiness.
She is the Night of Extraordinary Value, Laylatul Qadr,=whose blessings pour down like abundant rain.
I beseech you in the name of Imam Hasan, Shabbar, and his brother Maulana Husain, the martyr of Karbala who was killed unjustly.
I beseech you in the name of the Imams in Husain Imam’s line, Allah’s proofs, and the reason for the world’s creation.
Each is a Maula, a Mustaqarr Imam, whose virtue is recognized=and celebrated in all the lands, sacred and earthly.
Allah’s descriptions fall upon them,=so say—O friend—what you wish about their eminence!
O Lord, I beseech you in the name of Tayyib Imam, descendant of the pure (tayyib) Imams, who are remembered with praise in the Quran Majīd.
I beseech you in the name of each Dai who represents them,=who guides people toward them during their Concealment.
Each Dai is virtuous, pious, and learned,=he clarifies ambiguities and uncertainties.
Dais are Surahs of the Quran.=Their Maula is their Imam, who is the Complete Quran.
O Lord, I beseech you in the name of Syedna Qutbuddin, sun among=the radiant Dais and heir to their virtues, our glorious father.
Syedna Qutbuddin is Syedna Burhanuddin’s true Successor, Mansoos,=not the usurper who calls toward falsehood and disgrace.
Nass is performed with divine inspiration, ta’eed—it is true=and unchanging, for it is God’s rope which will never break.
Nass would not be Nass if it could change, for it is the=“sacrifice that has reached its destination.” (Quran Baqara 2:196)
This is the true doctrine, none other.=By God, this is God’s eternal rope.
O Lord, I beseech you in the name of the rank holders (hudood)=appointed by the Dais, each sincere in his actions.
O Lord of Glory, you never cease to be, and you will never cease.=You, O Lord of the World, have never not been.
O you who are almighty beyond the grasp of comprehension=and thought, glorious beyond description and imagination.
O my Lord, I have come to you seeking refuge and protection.=Have mercy, bestow grace, on this humble man!
I have come to you repentant and remorseful,=my back weighed down by sins.
I lay my cheek on the earth and my eyes flow with tears,=O Lord, from regret and shame.
Be generous—have mercy on my grieving tears!=Stop your servant’s stumbles and falls!
I am a sinner, I am inadequate, I am repentant!=Be kind—forgive my sins and transgressions!
I am afraid, I am suffering, I have come begging! Bestow, give, help,=grant all my wishes, bring me close and join me to you!
I place my faith in you, Allah, to fulfil my needs and dispel my woes.
Change my hardship into ease, as you have promised!=Grant this poor-man a life of comfort and prosperity!
Bestow on me, O Allah, your generous gifts!=Grant me, O my Lord, your sufficing sustenance!
Give me “coolness of eyes” in my children!=Place them among those who accept your commands!
Place me, O Allah, among those who worship you in gratitude=until the end of their lives!
O my Lord, place me among your servants=who enter your Garden of Heaven when they die!
I am your grief-stricken servant, O Lord, have mercy!=If you grant me mercy, I will always be blissfully happy.
I am your lowly servant, O Lord of the World,=and the servant of Taha Mustafa’s descendants.
I am their slave, their devotee. My life always be sacrifice for them.=Without any lethargy or fatigue in their service.
They are my refuge in hardship, they are my shelter,=they are my safe haven in calamities and fear.
Allegiance to them is my treasure, remembering them is my occupation—=every single moment. I fear not those who censure me.
Love for them is salvation, najaat, from the sea of annihilation.=Whoever fails to believe in them will not attain salvation.
I beseech you in their name, O Lord, grant me a great victory, fath-e mubeen!=Raise the banners of truth high and do so swiftly!
Destroy the enemies of truth, O Lord, and do so with speed!=Protect the true religion from heretical deviations.
I am Taher Fakhruddin, Dai of the Imam of the Age,=whose nobility is by the Imam’s auspicious blessings.
His inspiration flows to me every moment. I have the answer for=“Who?” and “Why?” and “When?” and “Whether?”
My utmost wish is to please my Imam, Nabi Mustafa’s descendant.=O Lord, grant me a long life to serve him!
With the Imam’s inspiration,=I guide toward truth those who have swerved away.
O people of our community! Awake from your sleep! Come to the clear truth! Leave the misguider, mudill!
Pledge allegiance to me! Belief, imaan, is completed only through=the pledge of allegiance, misaaq.
You will not enter Paradise until—by listening and obeying and bowing down=“the camel passes through the eye of the needle” (Quran A’raaf 7:40).
O Lord, grant believers, mumineen,=their wishes, look after all their concerns.
Grant them abundant, pure sustenance.=Protect them from those who plot and scheme.
Protect them from the evil of the hissing, sneaking devil,=protect them from the evil of misguiding jinns and humans.
Keep their feet firm upon the path of truth. Guide them, O Lord, to the best way.
Nourish them with the knowledge of Aal-e Mohammad—=that knowledge is sweeter than honey!
Open their hearts to your religion,=O Lord! Remove whatever animosity they may harbor!
Make their character sound, save them from sinning,=and raise their eminence, O Lord, to the heights!
Grant those who have spent their wealth in your path, Lord,=multifold increase with a drenching torrent of blessings, or with soft rain (Quran Baqarah 2:265).
May Allah bless the Prophet, his descendants and their Dai’s with salawaat=for as long as the sun reposes in Aries!