Allah, Your power exceeds all power, and Your gifts exceed all gifts.
Your knowledge and mercy encompass all things, Your wisdom is inherent throughout Your creation.
From Your wisdom, You chose from each species its choicest part, that You made its master and exemplar,
Like the date-palm among trees, the ruby among stones, Your Sacred House among the regions of the earth, the houses of Your worship among all its sites.
And like the days, that You named the Days of Allah among all days,
among them the months of Rajab, Sha’baan and the month of Ramadaan, all singled out by You for special honor.
Allah, if You had not signified by these lifeless and inanimate entities, living and speaking rank-holders (hudud),
who are the select among Your servants and signposts of the return, You would be honoring entities that have no self-awareness, and no intellectual or sensory competencies,
and that would be a futile act, a brand of ignorance. 
While You, lord, are far above futility and ignorance. You are blessed, and Your blessedness prevents Your religion from being devoid of wisdom.
Allah, You awarded the month of Rajab highest honor,
You had it followed by Sha’baan, and awarded it even more elevation and excellence.
And You had it lead into Ramadaan, the highest in glory and worth.
I ask You through the grace of these honored symbols, whose referents (mamthul) are even higher in honor. I ask You through the grace of these emblems, whose denotees (madlul) are even nobler.
Give me abundantly of their good and gather for me their many blessings.
Grant me the strength to worship You as You ought to be worshipped and to render unto You sincere testimony (shahaadah).
Void my mind of worldly aspirations to concentrate on supplicating You with fear and hope, make beautiful both my earthly life and my return.
Allah, make it easy for me to please You. Fill my breast with serenity, making it simple for me to obey You.
Fill my heart with the light of Your guidance. Grant me fresh bloom and happiness.
Allah, help me to be good and pious. Do not let worldly enticements turn me away from the hereafter.
Let the hereafter be my chief goal. Strengthen my resolve to be good and pious.
Allah, place me among those who, when their end draws near, and their hopes of earthly life fade,
find the abode they are transported to nobler that the one they depart, and what they attain nobler than what they leave behind.
Allah, shower salawaat on Mohammed and his descendants, and answer my prayer. Grant me my heart’s desire.
Lord, we have supplicated You as You commanded, so answer us as You promised. Your gifts are perfection, Your affections all-encompassing.
It is at Your station that aspirers present their hopes, at Your door that beseechers bring their pleadings. Answer our prayers. Do not disappoint our hopes. Do this by Your mercy, O Most Merciful One.
You are powerful over all things. For You, the most difficult act is effortless. Shower salawaat on Mohammed and his descendants, whom You have granted purity.