Allah! You shower mercy on those to whom all people are unkind. You accept those who are rejected by all the lands.
You do not bring low those who ask you to fulfill their wishes. You do not dishearten those who turn toward you in longing.
You do not turn away those who are bold toward you. You gather up the littlest thing that is offered to you and are grateful for the smallest deeds that are done for you. 
You give thanks for the littlest thing and give abundantly in return.
You come near to those who come near to you. You invite toward you those who turn away from you.
You do not take away the blessings you have bestowed, and are not hasty with punishment. You nurture deeds of goodness so that they flower and bloom, and overlook wrongdoings and erase them.
Hopes return from your presence with needs fulfilled. The vessels of our petitions are filled by the bounty of your generosity. Words fall short of your praise.
You possess loftiness above all lofty things. You possess great glory above all glory.
All great things compared to you are small. All noble things compared to you are humble.
Those who seek anyone other than you are losers. Those who come to anyone other than you are unfortunate. Those who hope for anyone other than you are lost. Those who pursue anything other than your bounty are hit by drought.
Your door is always open for those who seek you. Your generosity is always available to those who appeal to you. Your comfort is present for those who beg for comfort.
The hopeful never turn away from you in despair. Petitioners never lose hope in your gifts. Those who ask for forgiveness are never afflicted with your punishment.
Your provision is unfolded even for those who disobey you. Your patience is offered even to those who challenge you.
Your practice is kindness to wrongdoers. Your tradition is to give respite to sinners.
So much so that your patience deludes them and they do not repent, and your forbearance stops them from abstaining from sin.
You are patient with them so that they have a chance to turn back to you. You grant them respite knowing that your kingdom is eternal.
For those who deserve eternal joy, you seal it for them. For those who deserve wretchedness, you bring them low.
All will come toward your judgment. All their affairs will return to your command. Your majesty is not weakened despite their long reprieve. Your proof is not diminished because you do not punish them in haste.
Your case remains, it never changes. Your majesty is established, it never ceases.
Those who turn away from you are doomed. Those who lose hope in you are struck by despair. Those who fail to heed you are wretched.
They will long experience your punishment. They will long suffer your penalty. How far until relief! How impossible to hope for ease of respite!
There is absolute justice in your decree, for you never oppress. There is absolute fairness in your verdict, for you never persecute.
You put forward clear proofs. You wore out garments of warning. You gave plain forewarnings. You gave kind appeals. You propounded symbols and similes. You granted a long period of reprieve.
You deferred even though you are capable of hastening. You were patient even though you were capable of accelerating.
Your patience was not due to incapacity. Your reprieve was not due to weakness. Your prolonging was not due to negligence. Your waiting not due to weak compliance.
Rather, you waited to make your case stronger, your generosity perfect, your favors sufficient, and your blessings complete.
All this happened and did not cease. It will happen and and will not cease.
Your proof is so glorious that it cannot be fully described. Your honor is so lofty that it’s essence cannot be described. Your blessings are so bountiful that they cannot be counted in their totality. Your kindness is so abundant that you cannot be thanked enough for the least of it.
I fall short in offering you praise and am silenced. I am unable to sing your glory and am restrained.
All I can do is acknowledge my limitations. Not because my longing for you is less, Allah, but because I am weak.
Here I am come to you. I ask you to grant me your gifts.
Shower salawaat upon Mohammed and Aale Mohammed, hear my words, answer my prayers!
Do not end this day for me with despair. Do not confront me with refusal of my request. Let me leave your presence with your bounty.
You are not constrained in what you intend, nor incapable of granting all that is asked of you.
You are powerful over all things. There is no strength or power save in you, lofty and great.