Allah, Lord of that which is sacred and that which is not. Giver of precedence to the sacred months. Creator of light and darkness, tablet and pen.
I ask you through the grace of Your heavenly names and Your human rank-holders (hudood):
Make piety my inside garment and outer robe, right-guidance my exemplar and beacon. Inspire me to obey You, guiding me to judicious behavior, and decreeing that I undertake to serve in the affairs of Dawat.
Help me to perform the mandatory rites of the month of Ramadaan, Your month, in which you revealed the Qur’an. Help me to fast, accepting my offering of intense hunger and acute thirst. Help me to perform the ritual-prayer, rewarding me with Your mercy and forgiveness.
Allah, make my body blossom with well-being. Multiply my share of sufficiency. Grant me the wisdom to offer gratitude for Your blessings. Help me to render the due of all You have conferred on me.
Allah, whenever I am deficient in acknowledging your vast gifts, either by error or deliberately, whenever I fall short or fail to render the obedience due to You from an obedient servant—Your forgiveness should still encompass me, for it is greater than our countless sins. It is fitting of Your generosity that You forgive, for Your generosity never runs short, it always keeps on increasing.
Allah, safeguard Your favors on me such that they never cease. Have your blessings come to me, one linked with the other, such that their rope never sunders. Protect me, Lord, from the evil of envier and enemy. Turn away from me their harm, emitted in public and in private. Demolish, Lord, the foundations of their conspiracy. Place a barricade in front of them and a barricade behind.
Allah, blind their eyes and their minds so they cannot see me. Conceal from them the road of going and coming so they cannot injure me.
Grant me the blessing of being accepted by the masters of my faith, the patrons who bestow on me their kind favors. Ensure that I reach through them and in them my ultimate desire. Do this through Your mercy, Most Merciful Lord.